Oh look at that new notification, so clean, so fresh, so exciting.
Icewind Dale Enhanced Edition has been mentioned in the full plain chat, wonderful game.
I remember when I realized that you could duplicate things in that game, because when you were,
if you created a new game, you could import characters.
Sorry, what game are we talking about?
Icewind Dale, it's very old.
Oh.
So this old RPG that I used to play on one of my dad's computers before I even built my own.
And you could have your group or whatever, and you could import a character from another save,
drop all their stuff, and then boot the character out, and then import them again, and drop all their stuff again.
Of course you could.
That is amazing.
The cloud would strike you down for doing it now.
Alright.
No wait, I care.
One sec.
You might just have to send the stream key to me.
Alright.
Okay.
We ready?
Should we just go for it?
Sure.
Oh.
Do I take your thumbs up to mean okay?
Oh yeah.
Alright.
I mean it seems fine to me.
Sure, okay.
Do we need to?
I don't know.
If you think we need to, then it seems fine to me.
Yeah, I think it's fine.
Okay.
Yeah, I guess let's just do it.
I really have got to get this mic situation figured out.
You too.
You hunch a lot to reach your mic.
You like put it low and then you lean.
Yeah, but like then it covers the screen because the screen's so low.
I know you wouldn't believe how much of my screen this mic is in front of right now.
Yeah, like I can't see anything.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I mean I'm not saying I blame you.
I'm just saying like five hours sometimes of like...
Nope, not necessary.
That's why when I stand up after Wancho, that is the most like broken I feel the entire week.
Yeah.
Like, man, I can sit and work all day and I feel fine.
I sit up after like three hours of Wancho and I'm like, I'm broken.
Yeah.
I think I also, I sit like this for like a huge portion of it.
I think that's part of it.
All right.
You're also very quiet at times in the streams.
Yeah.
Linus and I are both not very easy to do audio for.
I boosted you a bit this week as well as myself, people complaining about my...
I saw that too.
Yeah.
I think I'm going to have it like here.
The problem is that I have to type things sometimes.
So we'll see if that causes an issue.
Are those blues?
Oh, you wish they were blues.
What are they?
I think they're browns.
I asked in the chat today if I could have a quiet keyboard.
That probably makes sense.
I'm probably going to have Ploof design as something custom.
Why?
We don't have a quiet, what do you mean?
We'll just order one.
Yeah, I don't think we have one.
That does not sound like a good use of his time.
It's not a good use of anyone's time.
We'll probably just buy one.
I've heard, I don't know from who, but I heard making videos is like hard.
Who said that?
I don't know.
Okay.
I'm just going to start the thing because this is clearly leading nowhere.
Discussion?
No, we're waiting for you.
All right, I'm clicking it.
Resuming the selected.
Is this the same as last week?
My bad.
I don't know.
I do laundry.
What is up, everyone?
And welcome to the one show.
We've got a lot of great topics for you today, starting with the passing of controversial
Bill C 11 here in Canada.
Or should I call it Canuckistan?
I mean, I've heard people call it worse, especially people who are not in Canada and don't really
understand what being in Canada is all about.
But that doesn't mean that C 11 isn't a cause for concern.
We're going to be talking about that.
Also a cause for concern.
AMD's Ryzen X 3D CPUs have been dying, though they've apparently rolled out a fix now.
So we're going to get you guys the update on what's going on with that.
What else we got?
I'm looking for stuff.
You want to talk about dead Chromebooks?
Oh, sure.
What?
You don't want to talk about my impending cosmetic procedure?
Cheap laptops die and are annoying to repair.
I mean, yeah.
More at 11.
Impending cosmetic procedure.
What?
Well, let's just leave it there.
The show is brought to you today by MSI, Vessie, and AkiFlow.
All right, let's jump right into obviously the big topic of the week.
Should we just abandon our Canadian roots, make the long trek 36 minutes to the southern
border and join one of our former colleagues down in Americaville?
Former colleagues.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
John moved down there.
Oh, I thought you were talking about John.
Oh, yeah.
No, he's former colleague.
Yeah, no, he still works here.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, well, not here here, but here here.
The greater here.
Let's talk about why this is even a topic of conversation.
Bill C-11 has been passed into Canadian law as the online streaming act after two and
a half years of debate, a debate that I actually did get involved in at one point back when
it was known as C-10, making my way all the way to the assistant deputy minister.
No, I think it was the deputy minister of whoever was actually working on this.
I can't remember.
It's actually been quite a while.
I remember being on the set of one of our early car videos might have been the Model
Y video or something like that, and I had this call on the racetrack with this deputy
minister or whatever.
It became very clear to me at that time that, well, okay, this won't be a surprise to anyone
but it became very clear to me that the whole thing was political, had nothing to do with
actually protecting creators or however they were trying to sell it.
At the end of the day was about figuring out a way to extract money from online streaming
platforms and then as far as I could tell, waste it.
I have a lot of thoughts based on my experience, both with Canadian production services tax
credits, as well as just generally interfacing with the government of Canada.
As far as I can tell, most of the funding exists only for entities that are so large
and well-established that they can afford both the time and money to cut through bureaucracy
and therefore don't need it.
It's a lot of work.
The companies that I know that capture it very effectively have dedicated employees
that are there to capture it.
Which is, like, oh man, not the point.
Anywho, let's go back to the talking point, shall we?
Originally known as Bill C-10, the act allows the Canadian government to impose regulations
on streaming platforms like Netflix and Spotify as well as social platforms like YouTube,
Facebook and TikTok through the Canadian Radio, Television and Telecommunications Commission
or the CRTC.
Proponents say, so these would be supporters, that C-11 simply brings online platforms under
the same kind of rules that have applied to traditional broadcasters for decades, requiring
them to promote Canadian content and contribute financially to Canadian content production.
But critics, including many Canadian content creators like Renee Ritchie, some ordinary
gamers called me Chris and JJ McCullough, are worried that the law could affect content
that's made by influencers slash content creators, like independent creators, since
the act will likely force platforms to change their recommendation algorithms to serve Canadian
users more CanCon or Canadian content.
And this is a very real concern, not just because of the moves the Canadian government
is making, but because of what I fear an entity like Google might do to retaliate.
So let's, and you know what?
This is a tough one for me to approach, because these are all private conversations, but no
one said anything to me directly, because that would have been insane, but I will tell
you from conversations I have participated in, whether directly or observationally, that
Google's not happy about any of this, and that if they are forced to alter the way that
they serve content to Canadian viewers, they might, you know, you never know something
might happen to the way that content from Canadian creators gets served outside of Canada.
Yeah, like it sounds all neat for Canadian creators when you hear what Canada wants,
but when you think about how anybody's going to react to it, your algorithmic priority outside
of Canada is going to be damaged because of your algorithmic priority inside of Canada.
Potentially, potentially.
And I'd say I've been in none of these conversations, so I would say probably, but I have no idea.
Well, see, the thing is, even if Google decided, you know what, forget it, what's the point
of being petty and spiteful here?
If LTT's viewership is 6% within Canada, why would we want this to have any impact on
their ability for their content to propagate outside of Canada?
Why are we depriving other users of this content?
I mean, that's ridiculous, but hold on a second.
If the Canadian government passes this law, which they now have, and decides to actually
do something with it, which at this point is still very unclear, actually, well, they
probably won't be the last, I mean, if I'm Turkey or Japan or anywhere, really, anywhere
that's more of a cultural importer, rather than exporter, and I'm anywhere that I want
to protect my local production industry, well, I'm looking at this going, oh, okay.
So you actually can just tell Big Tech, no, you may not have a closed black box algorithm
that just kind of recommends whatever and doesn't promote local or at least within arbitrary
geographical boundary X content.
And so ultimately, the impact could end up coming for us, not because of Canada's first
move on this, but because of the other dominoes that may ultimately fall over the next two
or five or 10 or 25 years or whatever that timeframe ends up looking like.
Let's do continue here, though.
The government has said, the Canadian government, to be clear, has said that the act is not meant,
this is italicized, thank you, Wanshoe writer, to affect user generated content.
So it theoretically shouldn't affect someone like a call me Chris.
But then, in spite of them saying that they rejected multiple amendments that would have
specified that in the law.
So as it is now, it's pretty much just left to the CRTC to decide how to enforce this.
And if they do ultimately go that route with it, well, that's within their power.
So the law was designed to give the CRTC as broad powers as they were able to get pushed
through over the last two and a half years.
And as an independent content creator that more and more, at least according to many
of you, is basically a corporate media machine.
I have no idea where I fall in this.
How does Linus Media Group, Incorporated, figure into this?
Am I an independent content creator or am I a media corporation?
Both? I think both is good.
Yeah, I don't know.
Right? Okay, so let's keep moving on.
One uncontroversial effect of the law could be the widening, though, of the definition
of what legally constitutes Canadian content.
Heritage Minister Pablo Rodriguez is reportedly likely to ask the CRTC to include
content such as Pixar's Turning Red, which is an American movie produced by an American
company, but written by a Canadian set in Toronto and produced by a partially Canadian
crew and also HBO's The Handmaid's Tale, which is an American show set partially in
Canada and based on books by a, Luke, your phone, and based on books by a Canadian author
with a partially Canadian crew.
Neither of those would qualify under the current CanCon rules.
What's really stupid about the current CanCon rules is how difficult it is to prove it.
Like, look at this ridiculous.
What is a Canadian certification?
Minimum of 75% of program expenses, blah, blah, blah.
OK, what is the points?
What is the point system?
OK, so the director gives you two points.
DP gives you one point, I mean, or two points, depending on what kind you're talking about.
But the director of photography gives you one point.
There's some special rules.
The point is just like the single point.
The government hasn't been super clear about how this is going to work because they aren't
the ones making the actual rules.
That's the job of the CRTC, who are going to take consultation for 30 days at least
before publishing a draft.
So our discussion questions are as follows.
Oh, this is fun.
How will the government force platforms to finance Canadian content?
I mean, this that's a really interesting one, because so far.
If Google simply says, well, I'm not going to pay, I don't think that the Canadian
government has shown any inclination to simply block Google services within the borders.
So that would be so incredibly destructive.
Yeah, yeah, that would be that would be pretty bad and pretty stupid.
However, again, this is from my conversations that I've witnessed slash been a part of.
It is my understanding that Google intends to comply with whatever law ultimately ends up
happening.
So C11, they intend to comply with C11.
So I guess, you know, that's not a probable outcome.
So then what will that look like?
Is it potentially a good thing that we could get more because, OK, if they have to alter
the algorithm, they have to somehow demonstrate that they're altering the algorithm.
They have to be more transparent about how it works.
Does that have a potential small upside here for everyone?
And the thing that I don't really understand is, like, if I go to YouTube, I wonder if
this is going to happen here because it's logged into a different account.
It did not happen here.
And I don't know if this is because I click on this content sometimes or what.
But when I go on my personal YouTube, it's never at the top.
But if I scroll down a little bit, there's like what's going on in Canada section
already, like, I don't know.
I know that that was one of the solutions that Google had proposed was like a non algorithmic
solution, where they occupy a certain amount of screen space.
Yeah, like that happens to my personal account for sure.
It is almost always like government news, like, like Trudeau's face is all over it,
like over half the content, I swear.
I don't I don't get like random Canadian, Canadian, Canadian.
Hmm, less Canadian, but OK, guy.
I mean, this is probably just because I'm signed in as me.
So it's just all our accounts because I don't really watch a lot of YouTube.
All right.
Well, well, I'm going to try an incognito tab then.
Not that that's necessarily going to make much difference, but yeah, I've got someone
to flow playing chat saying they get the same thing in the UK.
So this is definitely a thing.
Yeah, it might not be all users might only be users that interact with it.
When shown, like I don't exactly know how it works, but this is a system that they
already have to a certain degree.
Interesting.
Yeah, no, I don't see anything here.
Maybe it's just because I'm not signed in at all.
Yeah, if you know, if you're not like this, this one is signed into like the WAN
show email thing that we set up and I don't have it at all here.
I just have it on and I don't know that I've seen it on my work account.
I just know that I've seen on my personal account.
So I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Yeah, there's a few other people saying that they get the same thing.
Someone's saying that they get the same thing in the US even.
So this is this is definitely a thing.
I don't know that everyone gets it.
Yeah, someone's same in Chicago, same as the US.
Another person saying they've never seen it in the US.
I don't know who all has access to it, but this is definitely something that
they've experimented with.
And that's enough in my opinion.
Like it would be cool if they mixed in content creators from that area instead
of just like government news.
Yeah, because that's like right now it's just like Trudeau seven times and
then you can scroll to the right to see if there's more.
But it would be cool if it was like, yeah, maybe one or two, like what's
happening in my country.
I'm not against that.
But then some other content creators spattered in would be kind of neat.
Yeah, I think a local tab.
Yeah, would be sweet, would be a positive thing for the platform.
Honestly, like we the fact that local news is basically dead at this point
between the decline of newspapers and the consolidation of local TV stations.
It makes it kind of hard to figure out what the heck's going on.
Yeah, that's a bad thing.
I mean, so what I I've just rely entirely on R slash Vancouver.
Yeah, like that sucks.
Is that I'm not going to join a Facebook group.
That that is that is an option.
It might be like Yvonne's in like the, you know, the neighborhood, the
neighborhood, the neighborhood Facebook group.
And just like, I okay.
On the one hand, I'm saying, look, more local content, definitely good thing.
On the other hand, I don't need to know that there's a raccoon in your yard.
Like the level of granularity.
Yeah, I just, I wish there was a bit of vetting before it hits my eyeballs.
Yeah.
Does anyone else possibly be interested in this?
No.
Okay.
Maybe not then.
Yeah.
So like having options like that is cool, but changing the general algorithm.
Like, no, I don't want that.
What if I am specifically into, uh, scientific Japanese culture?
Sure.
Yeah.
Something.
I don't need videos on Japanese culture only from like Canadian creators.
Yeah, probably not.
Why would I care if that's what I was coming here for?
So I guess you have already really given me your, your, your thoughts then on our
second discussion question, which is how do you feel about CanCon in general?
Do you think Canada should attempt to protect its culture from the evil Americans?
And I put that in finger quotes because in Canada, there is a pretty big
perception that, um, culturally, we're, we're pretty much just like, um,
Melting Pot America's hat.
Yeah.
We don't really have our own.
We, we have a lot of, you know, cultural imports and very few cultural exports.
Like it's mostly, it's mostly things that people meme on.
It's like, oh, Tim Hortons was ruined.
Maple syrup.
Yeah.
And hockey.
You know, those are pretty good.
Look, we got our pretty solid curling.
All right.
Yeah.
It's not like, it's not like we're complaining about the things
that are, that are uniquely Canadian.
But we are largely a culture importer for sure.
But a lot of the, a lot of our like actors, actresses, musicians,
stuff like that end up going down to the States and being perceived as American
creators.
Um, and, and yeah, like if I, I would like, uh, like you said, a local tab or
like below my main boxes, like a bar that has local content, that'd be cool.
But that's it.
I don't want any more than that.
And like, uh, you know, if you want to talk about, you know, influences
during your formative years, I guarantee you a lot more young kids in
Canada watched friends than Kim's convenience, right?
Like it's Kim's convenience is great though.
Sure.
But like I found it wasn't hard for me to find.
I didn't go looking for, I'm sure it wasn't influenced by this
because this didn't exist yet.
I think a big problem for me too is what exactly constitutes Canadian content
because even if we ignore the heavy cultural imports, um, like you alluded
to already Canada, such a mixing pot, at least in the urban centers, which is
the vast majority of the population here, that Canadian content could be
basically anything because it's defined by your citizenship.
So if you have a Canadian citizenship, then okay, it's Canadian content now,
but it's like, well, what do you, well, what even is that?
I don't know.
Yeah.
Um, I don't know.
It's, it's a funny thing.
The whole, the whole sort of cultural pride thing is something that I observe
in foreigners a lot, um, but not something that I can really relate to.
Um, you know, okay.
On the subject of our, of our friend, John, who still works for us.
Yes.
Um, but he's based down in, in one of the Carolinas.
I know, I know which one I'm just not saying which one.
I have no idea how.
Don't need to narrow it down more than that.
Yeah.
I don't need to narrow it down more than that.
Over there.
I think he's pretty public about where he lives, but I, I don't feel like checking
right now.
It's fine.
Anyway, the point is he's over on, on, on the East, in the East, in the US.
Um, and like, you know, for him, it's a, it's a, it's often a source of like great
pride that a particular hot sauce or whatever was, uh, was teams.
Yeah.
Sports teams.
I mean, sports teams, I want to sort of get to that later because sports teams, I
think, are sort of universal East in North America.
I think people form relationships with regional sports teams, but for me, the
big one was, you know, monuments or, or people that came from the same school.
Like he would feel a sense of personal pride or a sense of personal shame when
people from his, from his post-secondary institution went on to do great things or
very terrible things.
Right.
And that's something that I don't know.
Maybe it's because I don't really know anything about my own heritage that I've
just never been able to relate to.
I don't, I don't get it.
We did a really intensely bad job of this before this bill and this bill is not
going to help.
Like if you were trying to foster Canadian heritage, this is not the way to do it.
And I mean, honestly, I don't think anyone thinks it will.
Not really.
As far as I could tell, you know, the justifications that were provided to
me, uh, and, and they, they were extremely, uh, you know, well articulated, but if
you got even past the very, very, very skimming top skin of the surface, didn't
make any sense.
It's like, well, you know, how are we going to make sure that Canadian stories get
told and I'm sitting here going, well, I don't know.
You could tell Canadians to pick up a cell phone and tell their story.
And if anyone wants to hear it, if it's an interesting story, then you know what's
great about the internet, the way that it is right now without you mucking around
with it is that they can tell that story and anyone, be they Canadian or American or
or letter Kenny and Texan are both intensely Canadian.
By the way, I know, I know, I know you guys haven't succeeded yet.
Low star.
Letter Kenny and Shorzi are both intensely Canadian pieces of content.
Yeah.
Amazingly good.
The language and stuff gets pretty intense.
I could be talking to kids.
I wouldn't necessarily recommend that you watch it.
If you're an adult, though, it's fantastic content and it's popular outside of Canada
and it like really displays a lot of like intensely Canadian culture.
So that's, it's great.
It's made very well and it went very far and is still continuing to go very far with Shorzi.
It's possible.
We do it.
Things happen.
Yeah.
And I mean, I guess for me, you know, part of my cynicism comes from how difficult it was
to actually get funding as a small time creator.
So when the justification given to me is like, well, how do we fund uniquely Canadian stories?
Like one of the examples given to me.
I just want to interject because the way that you said it made it sound like it's
no longer difficult.
Oh yeah, it's still very difficult.
Yeah.
Are we still waiting for stuff from like years ago?
Like 2019 or something like that.
Yeah.
Like pandemic was over a while ago.
Like that, that type of funding timeline.
I mean, sorry, sorry, excuse me.
Pandemic was over a while ago, eh?
Yeah, that cultural influence from the South has taken over.
New York.
We're already moving.
We're out the door.
We'll be there in a minute, America.
But those funding timelines don't work if you're not 100% funding yourself already.
Yeah.
So like, what a failure.
I yeah.
And like, you know, the example, one of the examples that was given to me of, you know,
the kind of story that could be told because I challenged that, right?
I went, well, what story?
What story is not told right now?
I'm like, oh, well, you know, what about the story of an anglophone?
That means an English speaker.
An anglophone living in an all French community.
Okay.
What about it?
So tell that story.
And then when nobody fucking cares, then we can all move on with our day.
And then if you have some way of making it funny or very well written or something,
which is possible, then you'll find success.
I don't do well.
And maybe this is just like, what's it called?
Survivorship bias or something like that?
Survivorship bias.
Here we go.
Survivorship bias is a type of sample selection bias that occurs when an individual
mistakes a visible successful subgroup as the entire group.
So sure, I definitely experienced survivorship bias because I did
make it through the gauntlet of breaking out on social media.
Right.
And so I'm looking at it going, well, if you keep pounding your fists at that wall
long enough, eventually you'll, you could break it down.
And, but maybe that's not true.
And maybe that's not fair.
And maybe that story does need to be told.
But then my question, you know, so my rebuttal to that is,
is it really being told if you create the content so you throw money at this thing
and then 46 people watch it?
Yeah.
Cause like it'll show up in people's algorithms, but how these platforms work.
You don't have to watch that thing.
Yes.
You would have to click on it to watch it.
So it's just not going to get clicked on.
So they're treating this like TV where the audience is captive to a degree,
but that's not the case.
You still don't have to click on things.
And it comes down to that age old philosophical debate.
If a tree falls in the forest and nobody hears it, does it make a sound?
I would make the argument that a story told in an empty room in the dark has not been told.
It's just been conceived of, you know, like it's not, is it a story if it's not passed
along to anybody?
The empty room in the dark thing doesn't really work, but I do agree with the,
you can definitely tell stories.
You can definitely tell stories.
I was just trying to, I was trying to paint a lonely picture.
There's no microphone.
It's not a sleepover.
The room is empty.
It's dark.
There's no lights even.
Okay.
Because the energy could be converted to matter.
It's fully empty.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't see necessarily a lot of, or any value to that.
We know how brutal it is to try to get clicked on.
I'm not against funding Canadian content.
I just don't want it funded because it's Canadian content.
I want it funded because it's good.
Like it's the same way, like, man, I see a lot of people challenge me because,
generally speaking, I am pro societal good.
I don't mind paying my taxes, right?
And people will challenge me on that and go,
well, yeah, but what about government waste?
What about it?
Yeah, it fucking sucks.
Not into it.
Even a little.
Like I spend my life trying to make things efficient around me.
And the fact that an entire sort of subclass of citizens exists
to utilize my money in a way that's not efficient
is it's bullshit, right?
Obviously.
But the flip side of that is that I also do run a company now that is small or medium,
depending on how you measure it.
And I understand that when you scale past a certain point,
bureaucracy is unavoidable.
Waste is just a fact of life.
And so I don't know.
I'm split because I do need roads to drive on.
I do need hospitals to visit.
I do need an education system for my kids to participate in, right?
Like there are there are actual greater good benefits that taxes do allow for.
But yeah, that doesn't mean that I'm not mad when it gets wasted.
And this is one of those cases where I look at it and I go, all right,
well, I mean, you like had this money.
And as far as I can tell, a lot of it gets wasted either on like as a as a subsidy for foreign
companies, you know, like it doesn't it doesn't make sense to me how much animation
takes place in Canada, for example.
And how few Canadian media companies there are.
Yeah.
What?
Why?
Why are they why are they all just working for American companies?
So it seems to me that there are systemic problems that need to be solved before you just
go grab more cash from online streaming platforms and then sort of vaguely have some idea of how
you're going to use it to something, something Canadian story, something.
I don't know, man.
Frustrated.
Yes.
Yeah, frustrated.
Frustrated enough to actually, you know, pick up and leave.
Honestly, no.
Like it's so incredibly difficult at this point.
So there's that.
And, you know, honestly speaking, how does how does the old biblical thing go?
Uh, we're worried not about the splinter in your neighbor's eye until you've removed the
two by four from your own or something like that.
Like if if if as an American, you are outraged by how ridiculous the C11 thing looks,
you know, it's not perfect anywhere.
There's always stuff going on.
Is what I'm kind of trying to say.
And overall, the perception that a lot of consumers of American, particularly American
media seem to have of Canada is just simply not correct, not even close.
Like there's, there's, I often see comments about, you know, what life must be like in the
Canadian, you know, societal hellhole.
And it's, it's a particular.
I think this is true about like basically everywhere though.
No, not really.
I don't see it from a lot of Europeans and it's not that they're not talking to me.
Like I, I, I read.
Oh, I see.
Okay.
No, what I, what I meant is that like if you, if you watch media or like news from a certain
country that when you show up, it's different than what you might have expected.
No, it's just that there are, there are some types of American media and there's some consumers
of American media, certain types of American media that seem to be under the impression that
Canada is some kind of dystopian hellscape.
It's pretty chill.
And it's,
There's things I could complain about for days, but
Absolutely.
It's pretty chill overall.
Yeah.
A lot of questions here.
I mean, we've got Dangered Wolf asking, would you consider creating an American branch of LMG,
even if LMG remains based in Canada?
Why would I do that?
Now I get to deal with the broken ass American tax system on top of the broken ass Canadian tax
system.
Super fun.
Incredibly fun.
How about no, sorry, sorry.
In Canada, we don't have guns.
So I need, how about no?
By the way, we do have a lot of guns.
I don't personally actually, but Colton does, which is why we've never actually fired him.
There was, there was quite a few years ago, there was a point in time where the like firearms
per capita in Canada was like very, very high.
But it was a lot of, yeah, I'm not even going to get into it, but yeah, we have.
Well, plain chat, finger knife.
I'll get you.
Hey, from within, what is it?
Six feet, eight feet or something like that?
Knife's more lethal than a gun.
Whatever that conventional wisdom is.
Why don't we roll into our next topic?
AMD is rolling out a fix for burnt Ryzen X3D CPUs.
Let's go ahead and pop this up here.
This is originally covered by Extreme Tech, I think.
Well, maybe not originally, but they're one of the sources we've got.
Oh, an on-tech has covered this as well.
All right.
So here you go.
This is a good look at the picture here.
Whew.
Yikes.
That's a, that's a spicy CPU socket right here.
AMD released an official statement.
Thanks, Gavin.
We have root caused the issue and have already distributed a new
aegisa that puts measures in place on certain power rails on AM5 motherboards to
prevent the CPU from operating beyond its specification limits,
including a cap on SoC voltage at 1.3 volts.
This doesn't affect their ability to overclock memory using Xperia XMP kits
or boost performance using PBO technology.
They are expecting this fix to roll out through all of their board partners.
And blah, blah, blah.
Apparently ASUS and MSI had already implemented their own fixes prior to AMD
and had suggested that excessive voltages in expo memory profiles
had allowed the SoC voltage to reach unsafe levels.
They did not clarify if there were any other issues that they found
or whether non X3D processors were also at risk.
But I would be, I would be kind of surprised if they were.
They've been out there for quite a lot longer at this point
and they draw quite a lot more power.
So if you're, if you're running at the same voltages or higher in some cases
and you're drawing more current, I really don't see
how we wouldn't have noticed this at some point.
Steve from Gamers Nexus has apparently acquired Speed Rookie.
That's the, that's the username of the owner of that CPU.
Speed Rookie CPU and motherboard.
So maybe there'll be some kind of further insight,
but if AMD's got this nailed down and they're not just issuing a denial,
then it seems like it's probably, probably solved at this point.
I mean, that definitely looks like power got out of hand.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm not, I'm not an electronics engineer.
So, um, Dan's holding his phone like this, which is a, oh, oh, oh, car key.
I see.
Hello, wife.
Do you want to say hi to the WAN show?
She shrugged.
I think that means yes.
At least that's how I interpret it late at night, if you know what I mean.
I mean, what?
What shrugged?
Kind of a scent.
Anywho.
Bye.
See ya.
Riley is adding a discussion question right now.
Lili, Riley, Lili, Riley, go home.
Work, work days over.
But asks, has more hardware been failing recently than used to be the norm?
Or is this kind of thing more normal than it seems to me?
I mean, CPUs failing?
Yeah, that's, that's pretty abnormal.
Yeah.
Hardware in general, I would say probably no, to be honest, but CPUs, yes.
If anything, I would say the designs for motherboards these days are far more robust
than what we used to have in the past with like electrolytic capacitors and stuff like that.
Like the caps were, that was fun.
At least for enthusiasts, the emphasis that gets placed on cooling these days by manufacturers,
I think that while they're certainly pumping more power through these things,
there's a lot more heat output.
There's a lot more attentiveness to keeping things cool and maintaining the longevity
of these devices.
As a whole, the industry has learned a lot about the doodads and gizmos that they're playing around
with, right?
And if you're a manufacturer, you do not want a failure, at least not within the one to three
years that most of them offer a warranty on their products.
So, I mean, with that said, I'm not saying that mistakes never get made.
I mean, you ask someone like a Louis Rossman about MacBooks and he'll tell you all about
design flaws for days or whatever.
But overall, I can't say that I've, I can't say that it seems any worse to me.
Yeah.
Like we said, kind of at the beginning, probably not worse overall, but it is surprising for
it to hit CPUs.
CPUs have always kind of been the rock solid piece of hardware in your computer.
Go through multiple boards for one extremely long-term CPU sometimes.
Yeah.
And I feel like woefully unreliable stuff was way more common back then.
Like, think about the early 680i motherboards.
Remember those?
They were awful.
They failed all over the place.
Everybody knew it.
I haven't seen just a known bad.
Part like that in a long time.
Yeah.
I feel like we might have, we might have had like a few years there where it was abnormally
low and we might be coming back out of that and that might be why he's feeling it more.
But it was definitely like, yeah, it was definitely pretty freaking bad.
Yeah.
Floatplane chat.
Shout out OCC.
Yeah.
I mean, their memory modules would just drop dead spontaneously because
Ram used to, like one of the first things I would check with diagnosing computers was,
does it have liquid caps?
And if there's a problem, does it have liquid caps?
No.
Okay.
Is the ram dead?
Like.
And OCC would literally create kits of what was called UTT memory, okay, which is short
for untested, they would, they would have these UTT memory kits, they would sell them at like
these insane speeds and really low latencies and high voltages.
And I think they were just playing a numbers game where they, they bought this like cheap
bargain memory, basically went, yeah, if anything goes wrong with it, lifetime warranty, we got
you.
And then they just counted on few enough of the buyers actually running those volts through
them.
And in the event that they did, few enough of them bothering.
Because you know what, realistically, what, do I really even want a replacement for this?
Or because the technology industry was moving so fast, would I rather just upgrade to something
else at this point?
Anyway, you know what, forget it.
I think, I think that was the entire basis of their company.
Yeah, I mean, agility SSDs, anyone?
Oh, you know, what's funny is some of, yeah, that, that might be, that might be a little
is some of, yeah, that model where they just buy all this like trash, sometimes some of
it works for a really long time.
I was going to say, so I was actually the product manager for OCC at NCIX for a short
period of time.
And their RAM was fine in those days, other than the very high spec stuff, other than the
very high spec DDR2, but that could have easily been down to the memory controllers just not
being able to handle it because it was early days of DDR2.
And it was rough.
I don't think we've had a worse transition than the one from DDR1 to DDR2, at least not
since then anyway, DDR3 is kind of rough.
Anyway, the point is their RAM was actually mostly pretty good in those days.
And depending on the batch, the SSDs were actually super reliable.
We had this, we back in the day, yeah, this green OCC Agility 3.
I just looked it up to make sure that I was right.
And that thing went through probably years and years.
A ton of junk over a lot of years.
Except when they had bad batches.
Yeah, this is what I'm saying.
Because that's the thing.
It was a scamble.
Is it?
Bad QC is not always a problem.
It doesn't mean bad product.
It's only a problem when you don't catch something.
Yeah, yeah.
Right?
So this is why, okay, so we used to do these factory tours and we would often get pushback
when we would try to show their failures.
Because they would have like, oh, a failure bin or whatever,
where like something didn't work out.
Yeah, Sennheiser was super mad.
They didn't want us to show it was failed drivers for the HD 800.
Yeah, and we were like, no, this is a good story
because this shows you're not going to ship them.
Yes.
Oh man, we had to twist their arms so hard.
I don't like profiling, but Germans, okay?
German perfection.
There's a sense of, again, this is something I just like, I can't relate to, right?
But there's this like cultural sense of pride in German craftsmanship, right?
So they didn't want to show that there could be a flaw.
And I'm sitting here going, no, no, no.
No, this is a story about painstakingly thorough German quality control.
It doesn't have to be a story about make it right the first time, every time.
Yeah, like we were trying to show that it was cool that this happened.
We weren't trying to dog on them, but it took, it took some convincing.
I think eventually, yeah.
We did end up including that in the video.
And I felt that that was a truly really important part of the story.
Agreed.
Because they really did care a lot.
They actually, and I mean, I did that video testing out cheap sports tech a little while ago.
If you don't match the frequency response of the drivers in each year,
it's a noticeable problem in the listening experience.
And but that's what they were doing was they were finding ones that didn't meet their standard
and they were making sure that the drivers were appropriately matched.
Really great story.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ben, that was a hilarious factory.
Seeing the German versus the Japanese approach, like almost back to back, right?
There was only a few months in between was really eye-opening.
Because we went to Armouron afterwards.
Yeah, both sort of both countries and cultures are well respected around the world for exactly that.
But they come to this conclusion, the same conclusion, in such utterly different ways,
right?
So, I mean, I forget if it was, was it Sennheiser or Cherry?
I think it might have been Sennheiser.
These were both in Germany.
But they had these bulletin boards.
And I will remember this forever till the day I die.
First of all, both of them spotless, so clean you could eat off of any surface.
This was Sennheiser.
I remember this too.
This was wild.
Yeah.
Okay, spotless.
Like it didn't look like a factory.
It didn't smell like a factory.
They were definitely making stuff.
You could eat off the floor.
You could eat off any surface, I swear to you.
Anyway, they had these bulletin boards spaced out very evenly.
And they had things like safety bulletins, schedules, upcoming events,
workplace safety notices, all that kind of thing.
And then in one corner, I think it was the corner.
They had just this arrangement of rectangles.
And I stopped.
I stopped the tour and I said, is that to make sure that the way that all the other
bulletins are posted is exactly the same on everyone.
And they're like, yeah.
Yes.
And so interviewing people there and talking to them, not just the business people,
we got to talk to engineers as well.
There's a different philosophy.
And it was really interesting looking at both cherry and omron,
because they both make fundamentally the same thing, right?
So at Cherry, there was, oh, did we talk about how we were also at ZF?
I don't know if we did in the video.
Statue of limitations.
I'm sure they're not going to get mad about it at this point.
Anyway, the point is we also got to check out some ZF stuff,
even if it didn't make it into the video.
So ZF does a lot of work for the automotive industry,
which is kind of a thing in Germany, right?
And anyway, but it's the Cherry MX switch versus it was the Romer G that Omron and
Logitech, who actually sponsored the video, was really focused on.
And after talking to everyone and seeing everything that we did,
the bottom line, thing that I came away with, the two sort of different approaches
to this same ultimate end goal, the two philosophies, was the German attitude was
make it perfect, make it once, make it last, right?
Whereas the Japanese approach was make it pretty darn good, make it pretty near perfect.
And make it twice.
And make it twice and make it last.
So the way that the Cherry MX switch works, right, is there's a contact,
but there's only one.
It's a gold plated contact.
And Cherry will talk your ear off for a week about how they fine-tuned the gold leaf on the thing
in the size of the bump and blah, blah, blah, blah, whatever else, right?
But in the Romer G, there's actually two.
So if one of them fails, the other one still works and the switch operates normally.
And I just thought, I thought those two approaches to the design of a reliable switch
were so cool, so interesting, probably there's no cost benefit one way or the other,
making it absolutely perfect every time versus making it mostly perfect.
But with redundancy, but it just came down to design philosophy.
And I thought that was super cool.
You can see that in a lot of other products,
a lot of other companies from those countries as well.
It's very interesting.
And the Omron factory also very clean.
And I would eat off of most surfaces, but not quite all, you know?
Like it was okay if the bulletins were not arranged exactly the same way on every single board.
That was okay, you know?
Yeah. Oh, this is interesting.
There's apparently a new, there's leaked pricing for the ROG Ally.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I'm totally changing gears here real quick, Dan.
I'm sorry, I will get to that.
I'll get to that really quick.
Another leak, the ROG Ally will apparently start at 600 bucks with AMD Z1 and 256 gig SSD.
If that's true, then this, then that's just $70 higher than the same storage size Steam Deck.
That's so aggressive.
For how much more performance you're getting, and more importantly, for how quiet it is, that is awesome.
Like awesome.
The Ally is not a perfect experience to be very, very, very clear here.
Wouldn't say the Steam Deck is though.
No, well, no, but I'm talking about the Ally in a different way.
I'm just clarifying for people.
Sure. Game compatibility is much better, but the experience of playing those compatible games,
well, there's some hurdles to overcome stillness.
Who says a lot of work to do on the software?
Interesting.
And so does Microsoft.
Windows is not optimized for these handheld consoles.
And like, I just, just, I have this, okay, here actually, I recorded this video on my phone conveniently.
I was just, I was trying to do something basic.
What the heck was I trying to do?
I'm honestly having a hard time remembering, but I was, oh yeah, right, I remember.
I was trying to go into the stupid AMD control panel, and I was trying to alter a setting for the GPU driver.
And I had a game running.
I had, I was playing Stray.
I finally played Stray.
I had a game running, and I couldn't get it open.
It just kept being Windows about it.
And yeah, I can't find it right now.
But I kept, you know, swiping up, and then that brings up a little bar, and then I'd swipe up again,
and then I would click the Windows icon, and then it would go away.
And I'd be, okay, so I'd swipe up twice again, and then I'd go into the system tray,
and then I'd click the AMD control panel, and then stupid thing would go away.
And I'm like, hey, this is ridiculous.
I'm not even in exclusive full screen mode right now.
Like it's, the Steam Deck is a console, and that's its strength.
Right now, the Ally is a computer with a controller bolted to it, and that comes with problems.
And there's some things that ASUS is doing, where they're trying to,
where they're attempting to mitigate that, but it's a mitigation.
Unless Microsoft gets involved, it's not going to be a perfect experience.
Now on the Steam Deck, I'm not saying it's perfect either.
But what it is, is it's seamless.
For the games that it does play, I shouldn't say seamless, it's less seamy.
For the games that it does play, you can expect that there's been some kind of
validation process that has taken place.
Someone looked at it at some point.
Do you think Valve would have been interested in packaging SteamOS with the Ally?
I don't know about the Ally, but my understanding is that they at some point
talked to at least some of the competing handheld console makers.
And they've certainly taken a fairly open approach to the operating system.
It's not like, shoot, what's it called?
It's escaping me now.
But there's a third party, sort of basically SteamOS.
SteamOS alternative for desktop.
I can't, holo, holo ISO.
That's the one.
And it's not like Valve is clamping down on that or anything like that.
They've also, I think, I mean, they committed at some point.
I don't know if they've actually talked about it lately, but they said they were going to
release SteamOS as just a standalone operating system at some point.
So at that point, nothing would prevent a third party handheld maker from
installing it and shipping it.
It's free, right?
But what I also heard anecdotally is that there are certain things that Valve is keeping for
themselves, like the profiles that they've created where they've tuned the game to run
well on the Steam Deck hardware.
Anyway, that price, excited.
And now is the time to explain merch messages.
Okay, those of you sending super chats, this is the one time I'm going to look at them.
Hey, shout out, Prono Bozo.
Super cool.
And thanks, Darcy.
All right, so we got a couple super chats.
There you go.
Because the real way to interact with the show is through merch messages.
If you go on LTTstore.com and you check out with, oh, actually, don't check out quite yet,
because we've got a couple of cool deals to announce and some new products,
some restocks, all that kind of good stuff.
But if you go on LTTstore.com and check out, you'll see a little box called merch messages,
and you fill that out, you check out your order, and you will get your order in the mail,
which is great, which is better than just kind of digital pixels or whatever.
Throwing money into the void.
Yeah, throwing money at the screen, like you would on Twitch or YouTube.
And you might also get a reply from Dan, your message showing up at the bottom of the screen,
if you just want to say something that means something meaningful to you.
Or Dan will select a handful of them for me and Luke to talk about either now or during
WAN show After Dark, which is sort of the second half of the show.
Now's a good time for me to go through and talk about some of the exciting stuff we've
got going on on the store this week.
First up is if you, wait, did Nick get that done?
I don't see it in the notes.
Dan, the backpack thing.
The backpack thing.
Do we know?
Uh, oh, it should be done.
Okay, we've got a pretty cool promotion to celebrate almost being ready to ship a solution
to the carabiner zipper pull thing.
Yes, we are still working on it.
We're very, very close and we have an update to share with you guys very shortly.
Luke's actually got them over there.
We are doing a promo where if you buy the backpack, so let's go ahead.
I'll see if I can show this to you guys.
Should be good to go.
If you buy the backpack, add that to your cart and a meme pillow, like say for example,
this one, Sad Linus or Linus Selfie, we will give you the meme pillow for free.
There it is.
Free pillow with backpack.
So it'll, it'll automatically apply the discount.
You guys can check that out at lttstore.com.
We've also got some restocks.
We have new towel colors and the existing towels are back in stock.
So we actually sold out a particularly the large ones extremely quickly last time around.
Those are apparently better too.
I don't know if it's in the notes, but Nick was talking to me about how
they did a new fabric softening thing in production, which makes them absorb more
water, dry faster and something else that I don't remember.
I'm sorry, Nick, but yeah, apparently they're better.
Go team.
We've got two new t-shirts designed.
Holy crap, there really is a lot of stuff.
There's a lot of stuff going on this week.
The sketchy PC t-shirt, which is sketchy because it's like a sketch.
Haha, get it.
The sketchy PC t-shirt is now available.
And also what Northern Lights, you could think of this as kind of like a spiritual
successor to the old constellations shirt.
Pretty sick.
I've already gotten one compliment on it.
It was from my daughter, so I'm not sure if that counts, but I think that definitely counts.
Yeah, she was like, that's a cool shirt.
Is that from your store?
I'm like, yeah, yeah, it is.
We also brought back, oh, we brought back the expensive edition CPU pillow.
Oh, for crying out loud, you guys.
Okay, well, apparently we brought back the expensive edition CPU pillow.
So if you want to show that you have more money than cents and your way of doing that
is by putting something on your couch, well, there it is.
For $169.99, you too can be the proud owner of an expensive edition CPU pillow.
Really?
People who buy this thing are happy with it.
It feels like a ripoff.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, that's what I'm talking about.
Wait, it feels empty.
Okay, oh, okay.
So that's, it does take a little while to puff up, and it does smell bad out of the box.
A pack of wool.
Yeah.
So that's something to be aware of.
Like I have ones that I've had deployed on my couch for a long time, and they're very puffy.
But if they've just been sitting, especially under a pile for a while, they can compress.
And I would strongly recommend that you put them out to air out somewhere for a week
before you put, bury your face in them and smell them because they come from alpacas.
And so they smell like alpacas right out of the box.
We actually had a very, very low star rating on this product
until we updated the description to include this.
Please note that due to the 100% alpaca wool fill, there may be a bit of an odor to this pillow,
especially when you first take it out of the box.
Yeah, significant direct sunlight for the first few days.
That's what we recommend, and that's been fixing problems for most people.
Frey says mine only smelled for about two days.
Okay, there you go.
Did you come back every hour?
I'm like, see if it still smelled?
Like, how do you know exactly how many days it smelled for?
You know what?
It doesn't matter.
The point is, the last thing that I want to update you guys on is this.
We are apparently doing a onesie.
This is Bridget's project, her pet project.
I take no responsibility for this.
I approved moving forward with production on one print, not two, one.
Okay, so this is the same prism design from the women's underwear.
So if you want to see a bit of a higher quality image,
you can just go in the store and check out any of the women's underwear products.
And this is the confetti design also from the women's underwear.
You can get a better picture of it there.
And we want to know, Luke, can you create a poll?
Prism versus confetti, let us know what you guys want to see.
Yeah, float plane chat's already like, I am so down for this.
Yeah, okay.
No, do both.
No, there's no feet.
I am just wearing socks.
It's just an elastic ankle.
All right, so we'll get a poll up for that.
And sorry, Nick didn't even want me to do all this stuff today,
but I was like, no, it's okay.
We'll give more store updates.
Luke, Luke, carabiner update.
Let's do it.
Hey, Dan, hey, Dan.
Okay, Luke is going to be our test monkey.
You're going to space today, Luke.
Yes.
Let's hope you make it back.
I've been waiting for so long.
Okay.
So am I going through the whole process?
Dan, don't move around too much.
Just yell at Luke and tell him to go to the right place.
Okay.
All right, let me know when you're ready.
He's working on it.
Okay, the poll is working.
Most people are going for confetti so far,
but it is pretty close.
Okay.
It's 41 to 59% so far.
All right.
We ready?
He's working on it.
The tripod's locked and the cameras are hard.
Are we good?
And again, am I going through the whole process?
Okay, Luke, Cam, here we go.
Okay, so aim a little bit to Luke's side.
Nope, nope.
You want the table, table.
There you go.
Yep, there we go.
There we go.
All right.
I do want you to do it on the table.
So Luke, you get no instructions.
You get the defective carabiner.
So you want to show the design flaw real quick?
Okay.
No, no, no.
Stop doing that.
No, Dan, don't follow him.
You're going to give people motion sickness, you guys.
Okay, so this is the old zipper?
Yep, okay.
And the design flaw is there's like no rail on it,
and this is a hard pin down here.
So if you press on the side, it would break.
Do you want me to break it?
I mean, I don't feel like I need to break it.
You can if you really want to.
I think it's pretty easy to understand.
This one has a flaw.
Just break it.
Some of them are better than others,
but if you push hard enough, you can break it.
It took a bit of force.
Like I had to kind of send it.
Most people, they haven't failed.
Mine haven't failed.
But some had particularly thin walls and failed very easily.
So it was clear that we needed to recall this.
It also could come down to like how you actually pull on the zipper
and stuff like that.
Like I think the way that I pull on the zipper,
which is I grab this part, I grab this part,
it's not going to fail for me
because I don't apply any pressure to the actual arm.
But we're still going to fix the problem
and we're going to fix it for everyone.
So the kit that everyone will receive,
what are you doing right now?
I don't know.
I'm messing around.
Oh, okay.
Can you show the parts that will be included in the kit?
So first of all, no, stop lifting it up.
It's a little hard to see,
but you are going to get this little arm
that has kind of like a wider flat edge
and a thinner flat edge.
That is for prying open the clasp on the zipper
that you currently have.
And then last time we showed this off,
we had these like clamps that you had to squeeze this way.
Yeah, that was not the real solution.
No, so now this is the closing mechanism.
Get to that later.
We're going to show them how it works later.
Okay, so first remove the defective pull.
So that's with the...
Yep, I'm not giving you any instructions.
So just do your best.
Oh, you already removed it.
Yeah, I was just kind of fiddling around.
Luke, you're supposed to be doing a demo for crying out loud.
You take this brass looking thing,
but it's probably not brass,
and put it in the zipper,
and then you just turn it to the side.
Okay.
It's very easy.
Well, turn it then.
Show them.
Show the people.
You have to show the people Luke.
You put it in.
Geez.
And you turn it to the side.
Great, okay.
And it lifts it up just enough
that you can get a new one in.
No, stop.
I was trying to find it for myself.
So this, the circle right here,
you can see it's very thin on this edge.
Yes.
That is very easy to get under it
once you've pried it open just a little bit.
You don't have to send it to the moon
because you might actually break the...
I don't know what this part is.
Might?
You will.
Yeah.
It's not designed to be open and closed
a bunch of times.
It's also not designed to be open super wide.
It's designed to be closed once,
but what we found is you can probably get away
with anywhere from three to four
before they will definitely fail.
But you should only ever really do one
because we're going to send you...
This.
These awesome new zippers right here,
which are great.
They're going to be probably a little bit smaller
just because I found that with them that tall...
They're pretty big.
Yeah, they kind of were cumbersome.
It could definitely be smaller.
And then these ones are much better at dealing
with side to side force.
So they're a single titanium piece
and they've just got like this little...
It's hard to see, but there's like slots in it here
which allow it to bend.
Yeah.
And it's still not like if you really...
Oh, you could try and break it and you can break it.
Yes, but you'd have to really crank it.
Like you'd have to be trying to do damage to it.
Yeah, it's not going to happen by accident,
just pulling on the zipper,
which is what it's intended for.
Okay, so go ahead and try to install it.
Step one, yes.
If I haven't actually done this, but...
Good, that's the whole point.
Duh-duh-duh-duh.
I'm trying to see.
So I have the new zipper.
I'm going to put it in the thingy-majiggy
that I just opened.
Got it.
This is hilarious.
Audio Gary in Floatplane Chat is like,
can I just buy the zipper changing kit?
I have some busted up zippers that this would be lovely for.
So now this thing, the only way to really get at it,
especially when it's in a bag, on a bag, whatever,
is going to be to go inside the zipper.
Yep. So there's a little garage.
Then we're going to move that out of the way.
I'm very proud that I actually did contribute
to the final design for this.
Part of the whole requirement is that,
while you do this, you pull a beard here out
with the microphone that's in front of you.
So what, okay, I've got that in position now.
That's pretty easy.
You just kind of move it on and then it's done.
A little garage there.
And then I'm assuming you just turn this until you can't,
because that would be good design.
And I feel like I'm probably done.
Okay. Well, let's find out.
I mean, loosen it back and then pull it off.
Look, the idea here, guys, is that we are,
we are testing this.
We're testing this with a real user,
with no instructions, like real users will tend to,
dang it Luke.
Okay, that's fine. We're good.
Okay, sorry. I'll do it on the flat surface.
Okay, try and get it out.
Try and get it out of the gap where the people can see.
Yeah, that's not coming out.
Again, that's a situation like I'm putting enough force on this
where I'd have to be trying to damage it in order to do that.
Okay. Now, you guys are probably wondering,
well, why aren't you just done yet then?
The answer is that we still have a couple of things to fine tune.
Did Titan provide any of the re-tighteners that broke?
Yeah, I don't think so.
Okay. Well, we managed to break a couple of them
in the re-tightening process.
Also, as you can probably imagine, these are 3D printed.
And if we're going to be manufacturing, let's see.
Quite nicely to whoever did this or whatever it is.
40,000 of them.
They're not going to be 3D printed.
That would be stupid.
They're going to be injection molded.
Yeah, that's our fancy new printer.
It's really cool.
It's nice.
Yeah. Anyway, but we're not doing 40,000 parts in it,
tell you that much.
Quite a bit more expensive.
So we need to get molds done.
We need to get 40,000 parts manufactured.
Right?
Like making one of anything takes some time.
Making a thousand of something takes more time.
And then there's also all the zippers.
One kit, but tons of poles.
Yeah. So we also have to manufacture like 160,000 zippers.
Right?
Well, yeah, like that's the thing, right?
Is that I remember, I remember giving the team a hard time.
I was like, hey, we're out of stock of bits.
Because some of the bit sets for the screwdriver out of stock.
I'm like, well, can we get more?
We got to get them quickly.
And they're like, well, here's the thing, boss.
How do you get that many so quickly?
Each pack is however many times however many packs.
You're asking me to order like a million bits.
They only have so many machines, boss.
And I'm like, oh.
Someone in full plain chat said break it to show what it takes.
I don't want to do that because I don't know how many of these they have.
I have seen.
Just do it.
Hold on.
Let me let me just switch to the loot cam.
And you can just hold it up where we can see what you're doing.
Next to my face.
Okay, Dan.
Unbelievable.
Oh, he was making kissing noises.
Okay, so one little thing.
So I torqued it pretty far ready.
Another resting position.
I don't know if you guys can see that, but it's slightly to the side.
But with how it's made, I could just do that.
And yep, now it's perfect again.
Because I can just bend it back the other way.
We're not recommending that just to be very clear.
We're not saying do that over and over again.
That would be really stupid.
Any metal is going to 90 degree now is going to eventually break from fatigue.
And then I'm going to try to like put it back.
Oh, Lordy.
This is very painful.
There it goes.
Okay.
That took a lot of effort.
That would never happen under a normal use case.
Never say never, but probably not.
Yeah.
Nothing is perfect.
Everything can break.
Yeah, everything can break.
Someone's going to break one of these.
Can happen?
Yeah.
Yeah, ideally not the one you broke.
Thanks for nothing.
Wow.
It's like, yeah.
Here, you want a sandwich?
I digested this one already.
It's got all the components of the sandwich and some other stuff.
Some of them were used.
I'll break the water bottle.
Yeah, like we can.
The ability to break something does not mean that it is poorly designed or weak.
And like it can be because of the way that it's structured.
It could be bent this way pretty much an unlimited number of times.
Nothing is unlimited.
Nothing is perfect.
But this way.
Yeah, you could break that eventually.
I got it slightly past 90.
Like the use case where that's going to happen is crazy.
You'd have to get caught on something.
You would have to do something very bad to it.
Yeah, yeah.
Cool.
In which case, like, yeah, it's just going to be a problem.
Like it takes some effort.
Yeah.
Sure, you can break it if you drag the metal beyond 90 degrees.
Like, I don't know.
All right.
I'm excited.
It's going to take some time.
We've got a lot of stuff to manufacture.
But then we got there.
When we figured out that we were going to have to deal with that,
to be clear, there was never any question of whether we were going to deal with it or not.
Trust me, bro.
But the question of how and at what cost, obviously, those need to be answered.
Yeah.
The cost is very high.
Well, yeah, it's a lot of stuff.
It's a lot of titanium.
And they're nice.
It's four pulls per bag.
It's OK.
That's OK.
That's what profit margins are for, right?
No, profit margins are for profit.
If you must consume them with a product recall, then you do it.
But that's not what they're for.
But you need to have some of it just in case.
They're for building labs.
Yeah.
Hiring people.
So many new people lately.
I have some bad news about that, by the way, which we can talk about after the show.
Yep.
All right.
Cool.
Yeah, hit me.
OK, first up today is from Robert Linus.
What do you think are the biggest advantages and disadvantages of ADHD?
If you need help, I forgot what it was.
I was going to ask why I was buying this.
Oh, yeah.
So I mean, I think it's pretty well documented.
Hyper focus slash like, you know, dragon energy creativity is, I would say,
the biggest benefits for me.
The biggest drawback is if I am not interested in something,
I basically cannot force myself to do it.
And that has all kinds of negative implications in life, you know,
whether it's flunking out of school, whether it's, you know, difficulty,
fostering relationships, because you just ain't interested in what that person's talking about
and no amount of trying to make yourself focus on it will make you retain any of it.
I think my best survival, my best survival strat has been to just surround myself with
people that I am interested in so that I don't have to deal with that kind of thing.
I'm going to make my own company where everyone is someone that I would want to talk to because
if there's someone I don't want to talk to, I'm simply not able to do it.
Yeah, it's tough.
I mean, and everyone, everyone's a little bit different.
You know, I think just trying to apply one label to everybody when we're all such
complicated creatures full of, you know, chemicals and electrical impulses and all
kinds of fun things is brain drugs.
Yeah, it's very challenging, right?
But for me anyway, that's my experience.
Okay, hit me with another.
Here comes another.
Next one's from George.
How has your approach to content creation changed over the years and what strategies
do you use to keep your audience engaged and interested in your videos?
Did you pick related questions on purpose?
I try and create a theme.
Because basically my approach changes when I get bored and my boredom happens a lot faster
than yours because I have ADHD.
So that's the idea, right?
It has actually helped a lot.
Yeah, like I remember there was this outcry from the audience when we stopped doing power
supply unboxings, right?
What?
You're not going to do power supply unboxings anymore?
Same thing happened when we stopped doing motherboard unboxings and all these different
categories that we covered at some point and then basically just went on board and stopped doing.
And even though, you know, a significant portion of the audience was upset about it,
the channel never did anything but grow at those points because even if they didn't realize it,
they were going to get bored.
It was going to happen and something had to change.
And I knew that at that time we weren't set up to change the way that we approached covering
those products.
We didn't have the funding or the knowledge or the experience to do detailed power supply
testing, for example.
So that wasn't going to happen.
So the better thing for us to do was to go find something that did excite us and go do that
instead.
And it worked.
We also do listen to the audience.
You can't just ignore the audience and just do whatever Whim strikes you.
That's not going to be a good content creation strategy either.
So figuring out how to separate the wheat from the chaff when it comes to audience feedback
and then trusting your instincts as well.
I mean, don't imagine that we're never Chroma cost us, but I believe it's fully set up now,
like actually like physically set up.
And I believe they're coming for training like in the matter of days or weeks.
It's not months.
And oh, you want to know something really cool?
The RF chamber, two days into its 10 day construction right now.
Oh, cool.
Yeah.
The texts are here building it right now.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
I'm really excited.
RF chamber is going to be great because covering stuff like wireless router.
How do you do it?
Right?
Like obviously, you know, I tried to find ways back in the day.
Like I in my old house, for example,
I would put them in the same place every time and I had like a handful of places
that I would check and then I'd be like, okay, yeah, the signal strength and transmission
data rate are X and X minus Y and X plus Y or X plus Z or whatever for all these different
products.
And it's like something, but it's not scientific.
It's not repeatable, right?
So the RF chamber is going to change all of that.
Very, very excited and not just wireless routers.
Like we're talking cell phones.
We're going to have our own like 4G, 5G network thing.
Which phone has the best reception?
Literally, nobody covers that.
They're phones, ostensibly.
And yet we don't talk about the fact that my phone, I can't carry on a conversation
even though I'm on the same network as my wife and she can.
I feel like this used to be a thing like a decade or more ago.
Totally was.
And now it's not really covered at all.
Yeah.
Josh, you're crazy.
It's annoying.
I want to know why I can hear Luke's phone on the mics and I can't hear Linus's or mine.
Right?
That would be amazing.
That would actually be pretty interesting.
We should test like my stupid phone.
I've always wanted to know that.
Interesting.
I'm super into it.
Okay.
Let's do some rapid fire now.
Actually be rapid fire.
Okay.
What's our time limit?
Do you have a timer?
40 minutes ago.
Let's go.
I told Dan he's supposed to have a timer for rapid fire,
but he has ADHD so he didn't do it.
I forgot.
We can use the pain timer.
Here we go.
My daughter is a big fan.
She wanted to ask Linus,
is excited for the new legend of Zelda, Tears of the Kingdom.
Have you seen the demo footage?
Vehicle building looks insane.
It was two seconds sigh.
I hate giving Nintendo money, but I'm going to do it anyway.
The only way I can get you a timer.
This is going to be really confusing.
All right.
Let's get rid of that then.
I haven't watched any of the demos for the same reason
that I don't watch trailers of movies I know I'm going to watch.
I'm going to play it.
With that said, I felt, you know, when you finish a game
or a book or a movie and you're like...
That's good.
It ended at the right time.
It's done.
When I beat Ganondorf at the end of Breath of the Wild,
I wasn't one of those people who has gone back
over the last three or four years and played it more.
I loaded it up recently because I wanted to try it on the ROG
ally with Simu and just kind of see what the performance was like.
Amazing.
Like so much better than the Switch.
Anyway, so I fired it up.
And even in the beginning areas of the game,
like I couldn't fight anything.
I almost died just like fighting stupid, basic,
pecobloons or whatever they're called.
And I'm sitting here going, oh crap,
when Tears of the Kingdom comes out,
I'm going to have to learn this all over again.
I'm going to suck.
Whereas like I had no problem farming like the top tier
equipment from whatever those like horsey Centaur guys
or whatever like that.
I was like good.
Like I beat the game or whatever.
Anyway, I hate giving Nintendo money.
I'm going to do it anyway.
But I'm going to give them my money.
And then I'm going to play it on my ally if I can.
I hate that my save data is stuck on the stupid Switch.
Oh yeah, for sure.
I want something I can back out.
Actually dangerous.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's ridiculous.
Okay, next up with the prices of Nvidia's 4000 series,
do you think their 5000 series will be even more expensive?
Yep.
Okay.
Yeah, you're getting better at this.
Atlas OS sounds like a perfect solution to bloatware on new setups.
But how would you work around potential software or data loss
using on a machine that has existing software?
I'm so glad you brought up Atlas OS because there's been some
outcry in the community over our promotion of the project.
So first of all, I just want to say we did include a list, not exhaustive,
but it did include most of the major concerns from people in the community
of potential downsides to Atlas OS, including the fact that it disables UAC,
disables Windows Defender, it handicaps Windows Update.
So there are definitely issues with Atlas OS the way that it is.
The main point that we wanted to feature it was we wanted to demonstrate
what an unbloated Windows can look like.
And the Atlas OS devs are well enough aware of the issues
and they're actually working on them, which is really, really exciting.
So it's great that people are giving their feedback about those concerns,
and it's great that the Atlas devs are taking the whole thing seriously.
I saw a lot of people making really weird suggestions like
you shouldn't use Atlas OS, it's sketchy, you should use a de-bloater.
Atlas OS is a de-bloater, it's open source.
That's not to say that it's perfect in its current iteration.
There's definitely stuff that they need to work on in order to make it safer
to daily drive for regular users.
As it is right now, you should only use it if you 100% know what you're doing
and if you are running a third-party antivirus,
if there's any risk whatsoever of you doing something, whoops.
Which, frankly, with how sophisticated cyber attacks are these days,
is a non-zero chance for anyone, even you.
Something could happen, right?
Yep.
Okay, next up.
I think, sorry, I just want, if you're wanting to set it up,
like imagine the racing sim up there.
Like, say it was one of those types of computers,
all you ever do is update the game through Steam.
You don't browse ever, all that kind of stuff.
Maybe you can get by with it, but it's not a good idea to run completely antivirus-less.
Sorry, keep going.
But I think I made the mistake in that video of just kind of-
Brushing it over, brushing it a little bit too.
Well, I didn't actually watch it.
More assuming that I was talking to my audience,
instead of accounting for that a lot of people who watch our videos are not, like,
dialed in.
Yeah.
You know, they're not watching every day.
They're not advanced users necessarily.
And I think that was a little irresponsible.
On that subject, actually, there's another thing that I was probably a little irresponsible
about and is worth addressing at this point.
We talked about Nebula a couple of weeks ago,
and their CEO posted in their subreddit that I got basically everything wrong,
which is one way of saying it.
There are a couple of things that I miscommunicated,
and there are a couple of things that I misunderstood.
And I think most of it is just due to the fact that I had outdated information,
which I really should have accounted for.
I also did a really poor job of explaining when I said that a subscription,
out of a subscription, very little of that money would go to the individual creator.
And what I meant was that if I, a creator,
sold a subscription to Nebula to my audience,
I would get very little of that over the lifetime of that subscriber.
That's not to say that I get very little money.
That's to say that it's a completely different model.
I don't know how their thing works.
If someone subscribed and then only watched your content,
like is it divided based on what content they watch?
Theoretically, it's based on watch time.
So if someone only watched the person they subscribed to
and nobody else ever.
That I don't know.
That I don't know, but based on that, it's an all-you-can-eat platform
where you subscribe to the entire library.
You'll probably watch other stuff.
See, I don't, my goal isn't to out anyone or anything here either,
but the way that I approached that saying that it seemed like
people were more into the part ownership, which is a really good thing,
by the way.
The fact that the creators are part owners in the platform.
But the way that I approached that saying, okay, well,
they're doing this thing where they have these lifetime subscriptions,
it seems like they're trying to boost subscriber count.
Maybe it's an exit strategy or whatever else.
The reason I said that was not because I didn't think the platform was profitable.
It's been pretty clear that they're profitable for a long time.
Dave posted on Twitter a month ago, I think,
that they're spending half a million dollars on YouTube advertising a month
or something like that.
For me, it was not a question of, are they profitable?
It was a question of, what's the purpose of this here?
Like, why do you need a quarter million dollars in funds
if you're spending half a million dollars a month on advertising
through YouTube or whatever the case may be?
The other thing too is that, as far as I could tell,
and again, this is outdated conversations, it's like a year ago,
with people that I've talked to that have left the platform,
no, it wasn't generating a significant amount of money for them.
So, I don't know.
So, I guess what I'm trying to say is there's definitely things that I missed.
Dave made it very clear that they're not heading towards an exit.
So, I'm still confused about the lifetime membership, but sure.
And I think that's everything that I wanted to clarify.
I had a lot of people comment to me directly, actually,
that they thought it was weird that I was commenting on a competitor.
And Davis said publicly already, and I've said before,
I don't see them as a competitor.
They're not in the same space.
It's a very different model.
They have video on their website, but that's about where the similarities end.
I think you could say that we're more of a Patreon competitor,
if we weren't an ant that Patreon would squish under their heel, right?
Like, we're...
We just kind of do our own thing.
Float Plane's Float Plane, man.
Maybe it'll take off someday, and if it doesn't, hey, it ain't going to sink.
That's literally what the branding means.
And it's been a massive success for us internally.
Like, we don't hide the numbers, right?
We've got over 42,000 monthly subscribers on Float Plane right now.
It's actually been a really exciting last few months for Float Plane.
And we passed the one-month anniversary of the hack.
So that's people that stayed around.
Well, yeah, there's really good content.
Yeah.
We actually saw no real noticeable dip on the anniversary of the hack.
And like many of the creators that...
You know what?
I think I've said enough.
That's pretty much all I have to say about it.
Our model works for us, their model works for them, and that's fine.
Yeah.
And I'm glad they're not heading for an exit.
Because something that I've always said is it's been nice having them in the space because,
while I don't see them as a competitor, the landscape of, hey,
you can support us outside of main platform that we are on,
whether that's YouTube or Instagram or Twitch or whatever else.
Growing that at all is cool because it legitimizes that space.
How different companies decide to approach that in like Nebula's model,
or Float Plane's model, or Patreon's model, or whoever else's model,
they can be ever more different from each other.
And I think Float Plane and Nebula are quite different.
But it's just nice having more people in that space because it normalizes it, which is good.
Yeah.
Moving on.
Okay.
Oh, man, what do you want to talk to now?
Let's talk about the Mountain to Dead Chromebooks.
Yeah.
I think this is interesting.
I think you're being a hater right now.
So I'm going to make you read the topic.
You read the topic.
All right, sounds good.
School struggle with mountains of dead Chromebooks.
During the pandemic, American schools bought a massive number of Chromebooks.
Massive.
According to a recent report, those schools now have a massive number of unusable devices.
Unusable.
Massive.
I'm your hype man.
In part because of the obvious cheapness of the materials,
but also because the devices are hitting the end of their security updates.
Officially, Chromebooks get five to eight years of updates.
Five to eight years.
But their auto expiration date is determined by when the device was certified, not when it was sold.
Google tells users to expect an average of four years of updates
at time of sale.
After Chromebooks pass that expiration date,
they can no longer access secure websites, including state testing sites.
Okay.
Pointless changes to basic parts between different models
make the Chromebooks difficult to repair.
For example, six different manufacturers of the Chromebook 11
made cosmetic changes to the plastic bezel
that made parts incompatible between models.
Luckily or not,
many schools have large stockpiles of busted Chromebooks to salvage parts from.
But salvage is inefficient by design.
Usually, if a Chromebook has a single broken key,
the entire keyboard needs to be replaced.
One school official reported that a typical repair involves replacing half the device.
There was an interesting anecdote from Wednesday's TechLinked episode
where Gideon Fraser commented,
fun fact, after having worked as a hardware tech guy in a Georgia school,
I can go ahead and tell you that these Chromebooks are actually closer to 90 US dollars a piece,
and these kids obliterate them.
If a key is bad, you can go to the back room,
fill to the brim with broken Chromebooks,
look for one with a functional keyboard and part match.
Actually, you do that with every fixable component on these God awful machines.
We don't really buy any parts replacements
because we already have enough broken ones that we should have any part we would need
that would actually be a viable to fix.
And then another person responded as well,
as a fellow tech in Texas,
I can confirm those damn screens are just constantly coming in shattered.
This just in.
Kids not careful with their things,
especially when they aren't their things.
Yeah.
More at 11.
I don't think them breaking often would be different
if it was a Chromebook or not.
I actually don't either.
I think the kids would be very likely to break school-owned laptops,
regardless of whether they were Chromebooks or Macbooks or Windowsbooks or whatever.
I used to get so enraged at how people would treat the computers in the computer labs.
The lab that you and your friends built?
Yeah.
But even the ones that we didn't,
because we had such a low budget that if you break the optical drive on this thing,
we don't get another one.
And people would be shoving garbage.
They would take candy wrappers and put in the optical drive and shove it closed.
Like, I used to have a little tool that I would walk around with
to be able to do the manual pop out of optical drive
so I could pull them open and take trash out.
It's so annoying.
If you don't destroy everything,
more of the budget can go towards making this place nice.
Yeah.
Can we stop?
Man, it used to be so frustrating.
So I'm not surprised that people would trash these.
This is going to happen with whatever.
And I don't believe most laptop keyboards that I know of
have user repairable individual keys.
So a lot of these complaints, I'm coming down on like,
I don't know if I can rag on the Chromebook for this.
No, it's not Chromebook specific,
but what is very frustrating is the fact that these devices will expire
that yes on average in four years.
Yeah.
I mean, I just bought a Chromebook for my middle child
because she needs it for school next year.
And I'm sitting here going, well,
I didn't think to check if it was certified
like yesterday or a year ago or two years ago or four years ago.
It's modern hardware.
So probably it was certified fairly recently,
but I didn't think to check that.
And I can see how that would be exactly the sort of thing
that whether it's a parent or whether it's a buyer
for a school district or whatever else,
there's so many other factors to consider other than
when the device was certified that honestly,
I straight up think that this should just be illegal.
And laptops are better now.
They're like, when I was kind of late high school,
it was general wisdom that if you bought a laptop,
it lasted three years.
Yeah.
Within three years, it was going to be crap anyway.
That's not really a thing anymore.
That's not true.
You could buy a ThinkPad that's 10 years old on like eBay,
you know, like that's core, second gen core, third gen core.
I mean, oh, I mean, fourth gen core is almost 10 years old
at this point.
And that'll be very usable today.
As long as you can make sure that you get proper security on it,
you update the heck out of it,
and then you're just like browsing the internet.
That's fine.
Who cares?
So what is our justification for allowing this stuff
to just expire this way?
And back to the part that I think should actually be illegal,
why are we allowing companies to continue selling these products
well into their lifespan knowing that what the customer is
buying today is a significantly shorter shelf life
than what they bought at the beginning of the product cycle.
You should have to, well, you shouldn't really be able to do it all,
but you should have to communicate like this device has 800 days left
until it is garbage when you buy the thing.
Well, if you're going to hard lock it like that,
I mean, if it's going to be a degraded experience, okay, fine.
You know, like Apple doesn't roll out new macOS updates
for their Macs forever.
At some point, you do have to deprecate the hardware.
That actually is fine.
It would be enormously burdensome for them to have to support it forever.
It's not what I'm asking for.
Someone in floatplane chat, MikeD78 said,
I'm watching this show on a fourth gen i5 ThinkPad.
Works fine.
Exactly, right?
And so what I'm saying is knowing
that assuming the kids don't beat the crap out of it,
the hardware could still be good in more than four years
or even more than five or eight years.
It should be communicated.
And this is something that I will often tell people
when they're shopping for a phone.
When people ask me for advice for a phone,
I almost never give an exact model because
then it's my problem if they don't like it.
But what I will do is I'll give them some tech tips.
And one of the ones that I will really, really try to emphasize is,
hey, you need to think about it in terms of total cost of ownership.
And I know that that's more of a business the way of considering things.
But in our personal lives, it's very applicable.
If you buy a brand new iPhone today, right,
you can buy a brand new iPhone from the last generation.
It's cheaper, right?
It's also not as good,
but a big part of the reason it's cheaper is not the hardware.
It's the support.
So if the difference in price between a,
let's just use arbitrary numbers,
between a $1,000 iPhone and an $800 iPhone, okay, is one-fifth.
But that $1,000 one is going to last for five years.
And that $800 one is going to stop getting support in four years.
Guess what?
They're the same.
Are you wanting me to say it?
Sure.
Cost of ownership, total cost of ownership.
Exactly.
Now that's not always true, right?
It depends what kind of user you are.
Are you the type of person that uses your devices into the ground?
Well, okay, then what I just said is very applicable.
But if you're the kind of person who's going to upgrade in two years or three years anyway,
then it becomes more of a question of, well, are the features important to you?
As opposed to just the total cost you're going to pay per year of owning the device,
right?
Because then all of a sudden they're the same in terms of their software expiry.
So you start to move on to other factors.
But it's a really important thing to consider, especially with Android phones.
Buying a year old Android phone, particularly a few years ago,
when they weren't getting support the same way that, I mean,
Samsung does four years now, I think, three.
Yeah, if you don't mind looking that up, that would be good to know.
But there was a while there where you were getting one, two,
very rarely three major Android updates on your Android phone.
Four years.
Yeah, so they do four years now at least.
But it wasn't always that way and not all vendors have that level of commitment.
And so if you're buying it a year into the cycle, don't be fooled.
If it's 20% off, that ain't a deal.
You're just buying old hardware at full price, right?
For how long you're going to be able to use it.
So our latest pixels are apparently five years now, which is really great.
And yeah, it's a major factor that you should consider.
We're supposed to do sponsors now.
Thanks, Dan.
The show is brought to you today by MSI.
Introducing the MSI MPG A850G PCIe 5.0 Modular Gaming Power Supply.
Really rolls off the tongue, doesn't it?
It's a great power supply for the ultimate gaming experience with support for GeForce
40 series graphics cards.
It can deliver the power and performance needed for the latest games and graphics
heavy applications.
Its full modular design and compact size will help keep your PC clean and organized.
Its 80 plus gold certification means high efficiency with minimal heat generation.
It features 100% Japanese 105 degree Celsius capacitors and industrial level protection
against power surges and other hazards, meaning the MPG A850G is built to last.
So upgrade your gaming PC today with the MPG A850G PCIe 5.0 80 plus gold
full modular gaming PSU.
They really do have a way with words MSI, don't they?
The show is also brought to you by Vessi.
Oh, what's up, Dan?
He needs a second.
Here's a wild Dan needs a second.
This is what Dan needing a second looks like.
It's been more than one second, Dan.
You'll see as the operator of the show ponders over what steps he must take next
in order for the sponsor section to continue.
The Dan doesn't look like he's doing anything, but he's thinking.
There we go.
Having found Riley's crotch, we can continue.
There it is.
I can see it now.
Okay, let's try this again.
Number two.
Wetness is not something that everyone enjoys, especially...
Yeah, we're having problems with the videos here.
I see.
Okay, go for it.
Wetness is not something everyone enjoys, especially when it happens on your feet.
But thankfully, we have a secret weapon, Vessi.
They claim their shoes are 100% waterproof thanks to their Dymotex technology.
Are we really just going to look at this image a little time?
Yeah, you just get to stare at his crotch.
Even the most torrential downpours don't stand a chance.
If you're not stylish, like me, you need Vessi's.
Hey, ouch.
Their fashion forward design is perfect for any occasion.
They're stretchy and comfortable, and putting on a pair of Vessi's is a breeze.
They're also easy to get off.
And thanks to their sock-like fit, you'll feel like you're walking on a cloud.
So go treat your feet.
Head to Vessi.com slash WAN Show to get 15% off your purchase with code WAN Show.
Do you need a minute?
Should I do the other sponsor?
Oh, wow.
Oh.
Wow, what am I looking at?
Okay, cool.
All right, we're going to look at that for the OK.
Thanks to our sponsor, Acciflow.
Are you tired of juggling tasks from different apps?
Acciflow's universal inbox lets you take all your tasks from multiple platforms,
like Gmail and Trello, and gather them onto one calendar so you can efficiently plan your day or
week.
Acciflow aims to solve that ever-so-common problem with time-blocking platforms,
with a time-blocking platform to keep you organized and on track.
That's actually super cool, being able to just consolidate all this stuff,
because sometimes you can't control if someone sends you a team's invite,
and someone else sends you a Google Calendar invite, and all that kind of stuff.
It's super easy to set up.
Just head over to their website, log in, connect your existing accounts,
and start time-blocking your days.
Block out your time.
Not your mind.
Go to acciflow.com slash WAN and sign up for a seven-day trial for free.
Well, that went really smoothly.
Brand new sponsor.
Hey.
Good job, everyone.
No, it's okay.
We got this.
Dan, does your phone have a bird-chirping ringtone?
Okay, I have been wondering if I have been...
He's going outside.
What are you going to do about it?
Yeah, what?
I'll deal with it, Luke.
I said I would deal with it.
We don't want you to deal with it that way.
I just thought...
I was genuinely concerned I was hallucinating.
No, I thought the same thing.
I thought it was one of you guys,
because it's really quiet next to my head
and coming out of my microphone.
But yeah, we're all going insane.
As long as I'm not going insane, we can continue.
Carbon monoxide filter alarms getting really irritating.
There's somebody on YouTube
sending 55 Canadian dollar super chats over and over again.
And I can't even see them to read them.
Don't send super chats.
You buy stuff on the store.
We like try to check them, but just don't do it.
And if you don't want to buy stuff,
just buy gift cards and never use them.
Yeah.
If you must just throw money at us.
It's like the world's worst bank.
Yeah, yeah.
You can only withdraw them in the form of...
Products.
Of high quality apparel.
I mean, that's not that bad actually.
But you get no interest.
Yeah.
Except the interest you'll get
from wearing our high quality apparel.
Hey, you like that setup?
That was pretty good.
Oh, one of our topics today was response
to the Atlas OS video.
I guess I kind of jumped in.
I think we're done that one.
Yeah, I think we're good on that one.
Big accounts forcibly re-verified on...
Do we want to even talk about it?
I didn't say the name yet.
All right, you do it.
And skip it.
Oh, great.
We're talking about it.
A bunch of big accounts are forcibly re-verified
on the Twitter.
Including the Atlas Tech account.
Yep.
And when we say forcibly...
Oh man, the narratives that people are creating
in their own heads about this.
Like that celebrities were outraged
that they don't get to feel special
because of their verification check marks.
Or that they're just...
I don't know that this is...
That this matters.
It's Twitter.
I don't care.
Yeah, okay.
Carry on.
For no stated reason,
Twitter has been haphazardly re-verifying
certain prominent accounts
without the consent of the account holder.
Well, okay.
I want to jump in and say the reason that matters
is because of what the badge says.
Of what the badge says.
The way that it's worded makes it sound
like you're a paying Twitter blue subscriber.
It says you are.
Yes.
Quite specifically, yeah.
These check marks still say that the...
Oh, there it is.
Still says that the account is subscribed
to Twitter blue, which seems unlikely
in the case of figures like Kobe Bryant,
Anthony Bourdain, Jamal Khashoggi,
a journalist who was murdered five years ago.
So yeah, I mean, that makes sense.
Sometimes accounts of people who have passed
will be managed by a team and stuff like that, but yeah.
Probably not that one.
Probably not.
Some of the verifications appear to have been
given out of spite.
Prominent Twitter comedian at drill
who has advocated blocking accounts,
subscribed to Twitter blue,
was given a blue check mark several times
as he kept changing his profile name to get rid of it.
I actually don't subscribe to the conspiracy theory,
or the, well, the tinfoil hat theory about this.
I, well, okay.
I was about to say I don't think Twitter management
is actually petty enough to go find individual users
and keep reverifying them.
I don't actually know that for sure,
but my understanding is it's basically
anyone with over a million followers
that's just getting.
It's just happening automatically.
That's just getting re-verified.
It just seemed like a bug to me.
I don't know.
Probably some security thing back in the day
to like fix other bugs where it's like,
oh, this person accidentally lost their verification.
Let's just reapply it.
Yeah, drill has 1.8 million followers.
And interestingly is not verified right now.
Probably because they changed their name.
Slave to woke.
All right.
Several fake accounts were also verified,
including a fake Hillary Clinton
and an account pretending to represent
a Sudanese paramilitary group
when these tweeted falsely that the group's leader had died.
Okay.
Claiming that celebrities have subscribed to Twitter blue
when they have not may qualify as
in quotes, false endorsement
and exposed Twitter to legal action.
I suspect unless Twitter goes, sorry, it was a bug.
And then the whole thing goes away.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know.
That could be the defense.
They could also come up with something more creative.
There was the super creative.
You can't tell that that was me.
It could have been a deep fake defense.
For I don't, I particularly try not to follow this stuff.
So I'm not really sure what you're talking about.
We talked on the show about how this was going to happen though.
Yeah.
Like 100% because when the deep fake stuff gets convincing enough,
you can not only not really be able to believe what is actually real,
but you also, if something is real, it becomes hard.
It becomes very easy for people to kind of be like, nah, it's fake.
Yeah.
This is this is great.
Tesla defense lawyers tell the court
that Elon Musk's statements could be deep fakes.
And this is in.
Do they just mean broadly or are they talking about one specific thing?
The judge in the autopilot death case where this is being presented
says that this defense argument is deeply troubling.
I mean, it is.
Especially because they weren't.
But they're saying what they could be.
So anything that he's ever said about the capabilities of autopilot or whatever else.
Basically they're saying unless you were there in person,
you have no way of knowing that it wasn't a deep fake.
So it should be just what inadmissible or.
What a wild time.
Is this a wild time or what?
Twitter sucks.
It's convenient for connecting to people that you might need to talk to
because it has a lot of people on it.
It's my number one source of which celebrity died today.
Honestly, that probably makes sense.
That's how I found out that.
Oh, shoot.
Now it's escaped me.
I only know this because Bob Barker was trending and I was like, no, not Bob Barker.
And it was people being glad that it wasn't Bob Barker.
Oh, Jerry Springer.
Okay.
Yeah, it was Jerry Springer.
I was going to say that would make me feel really bad for who it was.
But then.
Um, wow, I think that's a too soon right there.
I can't say I was a fan of the man's work necessarily, but I don't know him personally at all.
That was probably too far.
I'm not going to start talking and get you out of this.
I can.
Let's start talking about Twitter.
Linus is getting a cosmetic procedure.
Yeah.
So.
What?
Why?
Where?
I, I'm going to get microneedling.
What is that?
It's where they take a needle and they stab your face over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again.
Wow.
Many, many, many, many times.
It's like getting a tattoo, but there's no ink, essentially.
Okay.
Yeah. So the idea is that it basically like.
Scars you.
Destroys.
No, no, it doesn't.
Super small needle.
It basically like destroys all the, the very top layer of tissue or like skin on your face and it promotes collagen production.
Like a recycling thing, basically.
Yeah, pretty much.
Yeah.
Yeah, just so it's not, it's, you know what's interesting is I was.
Are you awake for this?
Oh, yeah.
There's like a numbing cream.
So hopefully that'll help.
Yeah, it's small.
It doesn't sound comfortable.
I've had my, I've had a lot of issues all over the place.
So they put a whole ton of needles in my quad once.
Oh, yeah.
And my, my quad spasmed because of it, which is something they told me that could happen.
Okay.
All right.
My quad spasmed and I bent all of the needles like sick.
Oh yeah, you've told me about that.
That's hilarious.
Yeah, that was really brutal.
Is it possible that like your cheek could go and it like bends needles in your face?
I doubt it.
I don't see why it would.
Do they leave them in or are they just going?
No, it's like, it's like, it's more like a tattoo.
Like a sewing machine.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, yeah.
So I was actually like, I was pretty, I was pretty anti any kind of rejuvenating procedure until it was actually David here that I was having a conversation with.
I'll always remember this because it was on this whirlwind trip to Germany that we took where we were there and back.
And like, if it was, if it was more than 48 hours, it wasn't by much and that's a long flight.
And that included shooting a video.
It was, it was a tough trip, but we did manage to get out and just kind of hang out for a little bit.
And he presented me with a viewpoint that I hadn't really considered before.
And he was like, yeah, I'm not super into like, like altering your appearance dynamically,
but I don't see anything wrong with maintenance.
In much the same way that you might put a fresh coat of paint on your house.
If it's looking dilapidated, I don't see anything wrong with putting a fresh coat of paint on your body.
And I was like, okay.
So all it does is it stimulates the body's natural collagen production that lowers as you age.
So it'll, it helps to reduce wrinkles and just kind of generally rejuvenates your skin.
So I'm like, you know what?
All right, I'll give you a shot.
I don't see why not.
It's like a few hundred bucks, I think.
I'll let you know.
Okay.
Yeah, it's probably going to be very painful.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, yeah, depends how good the numbing cream is,
but like getting a tattoo on your face sounds like it would suck.
Oh, yeah, for sure.
I mean, well, if Darth Maul can do it, then all I have to do is channel the
dark side of the forest and I should be fine.
You should like, you should troll your kids that way.
Like tell them you're going to get this thing done and then come back with like a, like a face paint.
Darth Maul face paint.
Yeah, I don't think I'll need it.
Oh, God.
Face will be quite red.
You look really red.
That makes sense.
Yeah, yeah.
I'll be really irritated.
That makes sense.
Is this new news for LTS?
This looks like a lot of new news.
Wow.
Oh, are we like officially announcing all the booths?
This is cool.
Yeah, let's talk about it.
Sure.
Okay.
LTX 2023 brought to you by ASUS ROG.
I don't know if that was announced before, but that's a thing now.
For creators, we have a bunch more creators confirming their attendance to LTX 2023.
I can bring it up, but I feel like you probably should.
If any other creators are interested and are currently hearing about LTX and want to attend,
reach out to info at LTXExpo.com.
Here's our creators page.
There's a bunch.
We have a pretty big creator budget this year.
See any big names?
Yeah, you do.
I see a lot of names.
And a bunch of them are big.
Yeah, you do.
Heck, yeah.
Is this freaking awesome or what?
I'm just excited to meet up with a bunch of these people.
I know, right?
A bunch of these people I want to meet for the first time
and a bunch of them I haven't seen in years because I haven't been out.
Yeah, is this sick or what?
Yeah, it's awesome.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm super excited.
It's going to be awesome.
Other than meeting very cool creators,
there's a bunch of other things you can do.
There's booths for a 3D printing workshop,
a build your own screwdriver with like different colors
and all this kind of stuff,
a SIM racing setup with four to eight rigs.
Wow.
An NZXT case toss with three lanes.
Yeah, three lane case stuff.
The line was so long.
It was.
And we're going to have more people this year.
I think we have almost as many tickets sold now as we did last time,
but wait for it.
We haven't published a main channel video announcing it yet.
Oh, whoa.
Yeah.
We definitely did last time.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
It's like people want to get out and hang out and see things and people.
I've also talked to a bunch of people that are just very excited
because they went last time and it was so good and they want to go again.
Like there's a lot of hype of like, we could finally do it.
I got there's an Epic Games collaboration with PC building simulator two.
They sponsored a water cooling workshop.
Super cool.
Google Pixel will be sponsoring the meet and greet area.
Neat.
MSI, Keoxia, the gaming stadium, London Drugs, DD Mike's and Ridge Wallet,
and Silverstone, and more are coming on board to be sponsors of the event.
Whale PCs.
We announced on Twitter that StarForge Systems will be building our Whale PCs
and LTX merch reservations.
Reserve merch for pickup during the expo.
Oh, yeah.
So here is what it all looks like.
The sweater and the shirt are so sick.
Yeah.
They're so cool.
I'm pretty stoked.
Now, there is a way.
We talked about this before where we had said that LTX exclusive merch.
So this stuff was not going to be available online.
We have found a way that maintains the integrity of the exclusivity of event merch.
But also makes it available online.
So what we've done is we've created a digital pass.
And it's as simple as subscribing on Floatplane at the $10 tier.
So if you're subscribed on Floatplane, you'll get a whole bunch of content from the event.
So all the panels, any of the games that we play on stage.
We're going to have our social team, which is like three or four people now.
Yeah, they do a great job.
They're going to be running around filming stuff, basically just going straight from SD card
to Floatplane, throw a title on it.
They're going to their directive is upload.
Pump content.
Upload, no delay.
Go shoot something, walk back to the computer, press upload, title it,
walk away and shoot something else.
Like, let's go.
So all of that will be going to the $10 tier, all that LTX content.
Some of it may be available at the $5 tier.
I think live streams, we have no way of differentiating right now.
It's just not a feature that the platform supports.
So if we were to do anything live, that might be available.
And we might do, you know, maybe a more produced summary video or behind the scenes or something
like that that's available to all Floatplane subscribers.
But what we're going to be doing is we're going to be treating the Floatplane digital
pass as the $10 tier and the $10 tier will include the LTX digital pass.
We thought about just doing it as a one-time digital ticket, but the reality of it is that
that would be development work.
This is too, but this is more useful for other things and kind of scales and stuff like that.
Yeah, so this makes a lot more sense.
And for those of you who are upset and worried that this is going to be a cash grab or whatever
else, you could just subscribe for the one month.
Like, that's fine.
I don't care.
Like, do whatever works for you.
So then if you're not subscribed at all, it's $10.
And if you're subscribed at a different tier, like if you're at the $3 OG tier, for example,
it's $7.
And then if you're an OG once, you're an OG forever.
So you can always downgrade back to your $3 tier.
So yeah.
Hey, there you go.
Right?
Cool.
Not too bad.
Your OG can theoretically rot if you unsubscribe and cancel your subscription entirely for a
significant period of time.
Oh, really?
Theoretically.
Oh, okay.
If people email customer support, we usually just honor it anyways.
Well, that's because customer support here has the make it right directive.
Yeah.
So like...
Trust me, bro.
It's fine.
But it doesn't go away if you like move your subscription to your round.
Like your flag is...
I love all the people that are looking at stuff we've done lately and been like,
yeah, I think with the things that LMG and the store and everything I've been doing lately,
I think that they can say, trust me, bro, now it was never different.
It was always the same.
Yeah.
We were just sitting in a very potential energy state with a bunch of things not released yet
and stuff like that, but it doesn't mean that things changed.
Nothing changed.
Oh, people are asking, what if they paid for the year?
I just saw that.
That is complicated.
Luke, we'll figure that out and get back to you.
Sick.
Ha, got him.
I can't pick up my phone or else I'll buzz the stream.
Can you schedule a message for me on Monday?
Dan, I bought that if you were paying attention.
Thank you.
Huh.
Yeah, that's a...
That is complicated.
Really good question.
Could we just issue a partial refund like prorated and then they could sign up for an annual?
I'm not committing to anything.
We'll figure something out.
All right, cool.
Yeah, because the accounting department's going to have to sign off on whatever it is we do.
Oh, man.
Let me tell you, figuring out how to handle being able to take Canadian cash at the event
and multiple currencies for pre-orders or for reservations,
I've been very challenging, very, very challenging.
Because the last thing we want to do is create a situation where as exchange rates fluctuate
in the months leading up to the event, people who reserve before paid more or something compared to
when they get there, but if we peg it now, how do we avoid that?
How do we do the accounting for these fluctuations?
If we took the money then, but then the value of that money changed
by X amount between now and then, it's really bad.
It's really dumb.
Cool.
Anyway, this is the LTX exclusive merch.
We've got the three designer series desk pads, all of which look amazing.
I think the toughest decision here is which two to buy.
Then, yeah, we've got the tie-dye shirt, the tie-dye hoodie, the flag.
The idea with the flag is that it's not huge.
It's more for carrying around and writing messages on friends that you meet there.
Really cool thing to get signed.
Yes, exactly.
Then we've got the gradient enamel pin.
Yeah, because these shirts aren't super signable.
No, not really.
Whereas some previous year ones with a silver sharpie were.
Yeah, that makes sense.
I've got people in Twitch chat, good old Twitch chat.
The fluctuations wouldn't be that big.
Yes, they would.
What fluctuations?
Between the USD and CAD.
Yeah, traditionally, no, you're right.
Lately.
Lately, I might still have a tab open with it because I've been watching it really closely lately.
Yeah, in the last one month, it's gone from $1.36, all the way down to almost $1.33,
all the way up to $1.37.
That's huge.
Massive.
In business terms, like three or four cents on the dollar over a span of a couple of weeks,
how on earth are you supposed to plan around that?
It's wild.
Trying to hire people that want to work remote in other currencies.
Oh yeah, cool.
And negotiate trying to figure out wages and stuff.
It's a nightmare.
Absolute nightmare.
Anyways, that's LTX.
It's coming soon, super excited.
Genuinely super excited.
What else do we want to talk about?
Oh, we're supposed to do three merge messages.
Dan, hit me.
Second here.
Segway was too fast for me.
My level back up, there we are.
Hey, DLL, what are your thoughts on cheaper versus more expensive motherboard chipsets?
Is it worth spending more on a high-end or low-end chipsets enough for most people?
Chipset?
That's really going to depend on your use case.
Yeah, it used to matter a lot more because vendors would lock important features.
Like SLI, for example.
You could only run two GPUs on a more expensive chipset.
Not because of any reason other than that.
Well, if you can afford two GPUs, you can afford a more expensive motherboard.
Go fuck yourself, right?
That was it.
That was the entire rationale, right?
These days, though, man, the first time I saw a B-series gaming motherboard,
almost 10 years ago now, I think.
I was like, really?
Because the difference in price was not that much between an entry-level,
I guess it would have been P-series at the time, or had we moved on to Z yet for performance?
I'm not sure.
But between the entry-level performance tier chipset boards and this high-end B,
which used to mean business, I think, if I recall correctly,
and this high-end business chipset board, it was like five bucks or something like that.
I'm going, well, just get the performance tier board and then get unlocked over clocking,
which mattered back then because you could actually get more performance out of your chips
because they weren't redlined out of the factory.
But these days, frankly, if I was spending my own money,
I can't think of any reason that I would go with a higher tier chipset.
Like, yeah, you get more like USB ports or whatever,
but when's the last time that you were limited by the number of USB ports on your motherboard?
Remember, USB hubs are available for as little as six dollars.
Yeah.
I don't like them.
Sure.
Do you like running a cable farther down to your computer?
Use charging and stuff.
Oh, come on.
You're not charging devices off your computer.
I do, sometimes.
My phone.
Okay, then use the front USB port on your case.
That's gross.
I don't want to do that.
Front USB ports are just for flash drives, other temporarily plugged in things.
It's hilarious that you guys call me out of touch.
What the hell is that, Luke?
What is what?
I have a USB extension multi-port thingy as well.
I would just go basic, especially on AMD, where there's no overclocking locks
and you can do whatever you want, even with the low end stuff.
The only difference is PCIe lanes, which it's like, okay, yeah.
How many NVMe drives do you actually need?
And then we'll see the other difference.
Yeah, like more USB ports, which I don't need, unless there's a particular feature
that's only really present on high end boards that I do need.
So one of the things that I use a lot is Thunderbolt because I use optical cables to run my system
in various parts of my house that I have conduit running to and I have optical Thunderbolt cables.
I know where you're going with this.
Just stop.
The point is, if there's a particular feature that only happens to be present on high end
chipset boards, then yeah, I guess by all means, spring for it.
But otherwise, no, there's no real reason to do that.
She did ****, Luke.
Worst takes.
I got one here for Luke.
This is from Steve.
Luke, if you had the opportunity to use your development team for another company's
product or project, which would possibly take time away from Floatplane, but would provide
a bunch of revenue, would you do it?
I mean, he does it every day.
They don't only work on Floatplane.com.
Yeah.
It's more of like an internal development team at this point.
It's like amazing.
Yeah, the company that is Floatplane does a lot of different things.
A ton of different things.
We have considered being a dev house for outside companies before.
This was a long time ago.
And it's a hard sell just because we have so many internal opportunities to work on
things, to make things better, to expand what we do in general.
Like there's so much that we have to do in-house that it hasn't made a lot of sense to like
share with an outside company, if you know what I mean.
Is it possible?
Sure, but the way that we would probably do it instead is just make a tool and then sell
or make that tool available for a subscription or whatever.
Whatever type of thing makes sense for whatever type of tool it is,
probably wouldn't do contract work for an outside company.
That is a thing that dev houses do and they're very good at it.
That's great.
It probably doesn't make sense for us.
Speaking of Floatplane, there's an exclusive that went up today.
And I'm not going to name any names and I'm not going to watch this video,
but at least one of these people is probably at least a little spicy.
We're posting the full interviews for the what's it like to work at Linus.
You read the comments or something?
Or just know the person?
No, I just know all these people.
And I'm just very sure that at least one of them will be a little spicy.
For those wondering, that's Maria, one of our graphic designers.
Riley, who I think you know.
He runs TechLinked.
And have we announced GameLinked yet?
Well, soon he'll be managing the Linqt team in general.
That's Sarah, the one and only Ms. Butt, also one of our graphic designers.
And that's Tim from the lab.
Okay, here comes another one.
With Luke calling companies and organizing, spinning up their own LLMs,
will smaller companies that collect training data and create custom AIs become a new space for startups?
Can you rephrase the end of that?
Okay, he's basically asking,
is companies that aggregate data and then create these highly customized large language models
going to be a new space for startups?
Oh, yes, and it's already happening.
I mean, what's really interesting is OpenAI CEO came out very recently and said,
look, the next frontier is not going to be just building bigger models.
Yeah, it's going to be it's going to be building better models.
And I think you've basically hit the nail on the head.
I don't need a generalized model that was trained on a quadrillion data points necessarily.
But you might need like one model that because a huge problem that we're running into is licensing
of data and information.
So a lot of what LLMs are currently trained on right now include things like pirated books
and other things that like clearly they should not have access to.
And then there's things that like is maybe a little bit of a gray area,
like Reddit posts and Stack Overflow things and stuff like that,
which is currently going through the the ever churning process of capitalism to figure out
how those companies can try to charge OpenAI for that access or however that's going to go.
So the data set that these things are able to train off in the future is going to be interesting
and is going to potentially change.
The current data sets that are out there are out there because they're open source and
downloadable Wild West, maybe people have them.
You can't take it back at this point, but moving forward, it could change.
And there is absolutely space and this is currently happening for say a medical model
that is trained from textbooks or papers from certain publishers.
And they have agreements with those publishers in order to have that data.
And it is trained on all that information for helping to educate medical students
all the way up to helping to inform and drive medical science and medical practice at hospitals
and universities and everything that is currently happening.
So making LLMs that are grounded in one specific space is totally going to be a thing
and is literally already a thing to a certain degree.
So yeah, awesome.
Okay, let's head on to some rapid fire.
Holy crap.
I didn't even realize this.
But the game linked branding is up.
Oh, it looks pretty good.
Yeah, we haven't.
Yeah, we haven't announced anything yet.
Apparently people are like, you know, and it's casually just like leaked an upcoming channel.
Yeah.
So we talked about it before we have.
We have.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, there you go.
So briefly.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, we got it.
We got this moment.
Nice.
You think it'll have a 100,000 subscriber plaque before it releases a video?
That'd be kind of fun.
Should we try and do that?
I mean, I'm down.
Guaranteed success.
It's not that I want to take on jack sucks at life or like, you know, play button collection
or whatever.
But like, I mean, I'm always I'm always down for another play button for the wall.
Yeah.
Someone someone asked me the other day, like,
man, no, no, it wasn't me.
It was someone else.
But I was I was showing my my play button wall.
We were we were shooting at at my house.
Oh, we shot Yvonne's aim, the ultimate tech upgrade this week.
Yeah.
So one of one of the crew that was there helping with the shoot was like, oh, yeah,
you know, her space looks so nice now and so cohesive.
And yours just has all those play buttons on that one wall.
Are you going to put anything on this wall?
And I'm like, yeah, more play buttons.
Let's go.
Apparently it's past a thousand already.
That makes sense.
Yeah, it makes a lot of sense.
Now we just have to do that a hundred times.
See, look how easy it is to get a hundred thousand subscribers.
Yeah, no problem.
Just do that, then do it a hundred times.
And then if you want to get a million, well, you just do that 10 more times.
And if you want 10 million, we'll do it 10 more times.
Easy.
Yeah.
I don't know why people think it's so hard.
Slash s slash s.
We just relax all day.
It's very easy.
There's no stress here.
I'm OK.
Everything's fine.
The carpet isn't for like laying down when you're completely stressed out and need to
thank the carpets for just taking naps because that's all that's like half of what people do.
It's good for crying as well.
Just take a break.
Yeah, OK.
OK, rapid fire.
Come on.
OK, I will rapid fire.
You better.
Luke and Linus have given an unlimited budget and only allowed to purchase one single item.
What would you buy?
It's a really hard one to think about immediately.
The biggest piece of gold.
That is a very reasonable answer, actually.
I'm going to say the same thing.
The biggest satchel of money.
Yeah.
Something that's a good investment.
Not something that depreciates.
Google.
OK, that's a good answer.
Microsoft.
Microsoft, yeah.
That's a better answer.
I'm going to pivot.
I don't know, dude.
OK, next.
When is part two of the ultimate gaming mini van coming out?
Never.
No, no, no.
No, we're going to look.
If I'm going to have those stupid solar panels on my roof.
It does look goofy.
And I can, I can, I can hear them when I'm on the highway.
Like it's not very aerodynamic anymore.
Then darn it.
I'm going to have that like battery system and I'm going to have those gaming machines.
Never mind that my kids all every single one of them get really bad motion sickness
and probably won't even be able to use it.
I want a gaming.
You can play when we're parked.
Yeah, yeah.
Part two of the NCIX PC is also coming eventually.
I think they're making more progress on that one than on the gaming mini van.
Part two pizza heater.
No gaming pizza of it.
Hey Linus and Luke, what is your opinion on interplanetary file system or IPFS as a solution
to the centralized internet model?
Have you ever heard of this?
No, it's it.
Yeah, sorry me either.
I guess I suck.
Okay, next.
Since Linus has said before that he rides a motorcycle.
Have you ever considered making a jacket specifically for riding or even a normal
jacket with slots for slide in attachment of riding armor?
No, it's hard.
How would you navigate finding an investor or pitch to a company for an organic
groundbreaking chip and computational method?
Sim testing better than anything we have today power and performance wise.
That was a good pitch.
That sounds like a pitch to me.
Seed investment round incoming.
Seed investment, I get it.
Because it's an organic chip.
What April Fool's Day video is the most fun to...
He also said groundbreaking.
Planner shoot.
I don't know.
They're all so epic and amazing.
I actually, I love, I love April Fool's.
It's my favorite thing.
Truth about Linus tech tips exposed.
I, I unironically really enjoyed when you just threw the computer case outside and
then we just left the camera on it for like seven minutes or whatever.
I thought that was hilarious.
I know my sense of humor doesn't necessarily align with everyone's.
But I thought it was great.
Referring to, why is this so hard to, yeah.
This was like 2013 April Fool's or something.
Yeah, here it is.
Here's the playlist.
Okay, so the joke here, love that twitch shirt.
Just filming on the street at the old Blaminghouse is amazing.
Good production values.
The joke here is that that case, I accidentally unboxed it twice.
So it was, it was on the market and relevant for so long.
That literally made two videos without realizing it.
I made a video about it twice, doing exactly the same thing,
like unboxing and kind of giving an overview of it.
So what I decided to do, because we just had one kicking around for some reason,
maybe for a build or something.
I don't remember why we had it.
But I was like, haha, wouldn't it be funny if I was like,
Lola, we're going to unbox this case and we do it a third time.
So the video is 13 minutes long, which would have been a pretty typical length for us to kind of
sucker people into thinking that it's a real video.
And then we get as far as taking it out of the box.
And then wait for it, wait for it.
It's a Linus classic moment.
That was on purpose, by the way.
You can tell because I'm a very bad actor.
Not as bad as Luke, but very bad.
It's true.
And then, and now we play the waiting game.
We just filled the case in the rain for like 10 minutes or something.
And people, a bunch of people like hated this.
I thought it was so funny.
I loved this so much.
It's literally just the worst of the video.
So the thing that is amazing.
That's art.
Yeah.
So the thing is, this timeline thumbnail feature didn't exist then.
So people would watch.
Yeah.
To say that people weren't that thrilled.
People didn't really like it, but it's like actually one of my favorite ones,
just because I just my sense of humor just really enjoys that.
Um, okay.
So hold on a second.
Where, wait, where'd that playlist go?
Oh, seriously?
How is this navigation so bad?
I clicked on it.
Okay.
Yeah.
Here it is.
So here's the playlist.
Oh, okay.
No.
The playlist was two down.
Oh, dang it.
I can't see my screen.
This mic is in front of it.
Okay.
Here it is.
There.
Yeah.
Playlist.
Okay.
Pause.
Oh, okay.
This is what I was supposed to do.
I blame the user.
PEPCAC.
Okay.
2016.
That was when we made the video claiming we'd been bought out by NVIDIA.
The number of people that believed that in terms of believability,
I think this might have been the strongest one because it was a completely straight face
delivery of something that I don't know on the surface of it could kind of make sense.
NVIDIA wanting a media company as part of their portfolio or something.
And the number of people.
So part of our April Fools planning is that I tend to lean into some kind of conversation
or some kind of-
They're topical to a certain degree.
Perception.
And at that time, one of the big narratives that existed for whatever reason was that
I had my lips wrapped firmly around NVIDIA's throbbing ego.
And so I basically went, okay, well, given that people believe this anyway,
why don't we give them what they want and claim that we've been outright purchased by NVIDIA?
And so the number of people that believe this one was probably the highest out of any.
The following year, this one did pretty well.
This didn't take a lot of planning.
I just like wrote it up.
It's only a two minute video.
It was pretty quick.
This one took no planning.
So you asked which one was the most fun to plan?
This one was really fun to plan because it involved pyrotechnics, which I always love.
That was real fire in the video.
Man, the number of comments insulting our VFX, talking about what a poor job we did of the fake
fire, it's like, take off your tinfoil hat.
It's literally real fire.
You ain't as cool as you think you are.
That is actual fire.
And it's not like we did anything really weird or complicated.
We just took a can of hairspray and just lit it and blew it through the great in the door.
You're not clever.
You're not seeing through the-
That's like someone who's seen too much VFX?
Yeah, maybe.
And not enough actual real fire?
Yeah, I guess so.
And we're like, wait, this doesn't look like my VFX.
That's bad.
It must be bad VFX.
No, it's just fire.
Chill out.
The fire pull one was kind of fun, but very last minute, the execution was not that great.
I think that's probably my least favorite.
You and I actually went down it.
You know what?
This is my favorite.
The concrete cooled PC.
That was pretty sick.
I didn't get to be as involved in the planning of this one.
I love the OnlyFans one, but I think the concrete PC was my favorite because that was one that I pushed hard for.
What one do you think is the best?
Because I think the actual execution and the end result of the product of the we need to talk potato farm was like.
Outstanding.
Very, very good.
It's definitely the best production value one.
In terms of which one was most profitable, that's got to be this review.
Get stranger and stranger.
The never ending segue where every sponsor did pay us for it.
It's like unbelievable.
But I still love the concrete cooled PC one because everyone internally was like, this is too stupid.
Nobody will believe this.
And the number of people that legitimately were like, how'd they do that?
I'm surprised this worked.
And I've read a lot of comments.
I can tell the difference between the ones who are playing along and the ones that are
definitely not just playing along.
A significant number of people believed we cooled a PC with concrete.
Ask follow up questions.
We're legitimately curious to learn more about it.
And we did such a good job of matching the color of the milk to the concrete.
And the way that we filmed it, the way we filmed it out of order to kind of
movie magic the whole thing together, I was on set with Alex the whole time filming it.
And he was telling me the whole time, this is not going to come together.
I'm like, no, I have a vision this time.
Just trust me.
Trust me, bro.
And then at the end, he's like, all right.
All right.
That was pretty sweet.
Okay, ready for a few more?
Yeah.
Okay, let's switch back to potential here.
My family uses iMessage to discuss important info and many of my non-social media friends
use group text as SM.
Tips for those who are trapped by Apple stubbornness to use RCS.
EU-USBC type law for RCS.
Use signal.
All right, now he's got to convince his parents to move over too.
That's...
I'm getting a little fatigued on the amount of different messaging things that I have
and needing to remember how every individual person likes to be contacted.
It's fine.
Here's my folder of all my messaging apps.
Yeah, it tires me out a little bit.
Yeah, here, here, name anyone and I'll tell you where I talk to them.
Uh, no.
All right, since you're so close to Alberta and make a decent and fairly priced versions of
whatever you set your mind to, can we please get an LTT cowboy hat?
Uh, no.
I should, I should offer it a little bit more.
I shouldn't just be dismissive.
The reason that I wouldn't is because I tend to focus our product development efforts on
things where we are passionate and feel that we have something to contribute.
Something to add.
Yeah, something to contribute to the conversation.
I think there's a lot of people who are passionate about cowboy hats and make really great cowboy
hats and power to them.
We have a store like literally legitimately basically down the street from here that sells
that kind of stuff, but that's not a thing that we're exactly known for, you know, so yeah.
Hey guys, love the show.
Watch it religiously.
Question for Luke.
I am currently, I have two budgies and they provide endless entertainment.
What are some of your favorite moments as a bird owner?
I was just thinking you put a little knock to a fan in the back.
There you go.
That's what you can add.
Make it out of alpaca fur.
What is my favorite thing that they do?
What's your favorite bird memory?
Favorite bird memory is pretty easy.
Okay, I'll answer that one.
Our first bird to keto.
There was a fire near my apartment.
Like I don't remember if it was a forest fire or it was another more different fire that I'm not
going to specify because I don't want to give away where I'm at.
But there was a fire that was leaving a lot of smoke in the air.
And a solution that I came up with was to bring the bird and the cage and everything
into the bathroom and then run the shower so that there was a little bit of a barrier
and the moisture in the air and the shower would.
Yeah, so that was the plan.
And I didn't know what to do.
I didn't know if he was going to freak out because he's like,
had never been into my room, let alone the bathroom attached to it,
had never been next to a shower, all this type of stuff.
But I put the cage down, I just lay down next to the cage.
And I'm just like, I play music that he likes.
And he was just stoked.
He was like, oh, sick, we're going to hang out.
Well, that's cool.
And he just like played around and sung songs and was just happy and cool about it.
And that was just, that was a cool moment.
I tend to, if you listen to me tell stories about anything,
I tend to enjoy the ones where there's a large conflict
and we are able to overcome.
We win.
Yeah.
All right.
Next. Oh, give me one more.
You want one more?
Okay, one more.
Hi, future me.
I would love to see a way to listen to the show
like an audio podcast on float plane for when I am driving.
Is there some audio podcast that you are listening to on a regular basis?
Oh, that wasn't where I thought that was going to go.
Me too.
That was a statement.
We could upload an audio form of, for sure, that's possible.
Can we do that?
That would just have to be process involved.
Who does that?
Don't we support audio?
Yes.
Yes, but there would be someone would have to, you know, do it.
But that's like a Linus Media Group process,
not a float plane process that has to be changed, right?
Yeah.
I think there was something on my to-do list to like look at the podcast for like workflow.
I'll see if I can automate that.
Okay.
Typing.
Okay, cool.
Because you can also like edit the post afterwards and add it.
Okay.
Yeah, it would just do like an auto-generated.
Why don't we do a topic while you work on that then?
Okay, I'll get that done by the end of the show.
UK regulators have blocked the Microsoft Activision Blizzard deal.
Yeah, which like might be a good thing.
I don't know.
I don't know enough about this, but the reason for it was kind of funky.
Yeah, that doesn't make a ton of sense to me.
Yeah.
So I'm trying to find this.
I'll read through it once I find it.
There it is.
UK regulators have blocked Microsoft's proposed acquisition of Activision Blizzard
on the grounds that it will reduce competition in cloud gaming,
which is the competition and markets, which the competition and markets authority sees
as a low-cost alternative to consoles.
Sure, because it sort of is.
Microsoft does control around 60 to 70% of the cloud gaming market,
which is less than 1% of the total global gaming market.
However, regulators cited estimates that it will grow to around 9% of the market by 2026.
I haven't seen a ton of things moving that direction to be completely honest.
Yeah.
So I don't know where that number is necessarily coming from,
but 9% would be a lot of the gaming market to be happening over the cloud instead of like
very major.
That would have a significant impact on web traffic.
Yeah.
Like that's genuinely okay.
That's a big number that I would kind of bet against to be completely honest.
Again, I don't know if this should happen or not.
I'm not weighing in on that.
I just the reasoning seems funky.
Blizzard has been struggling with ugly labor disputes and their stock prices dropped 11%
after the announcement was made.
While Microsoft's own stock rose by 8%, I'm surprised it's honestly that low.
They've been kind of killing it.
An Activision spokesperson has said that they will work aggressively with Microsoft
to appeal the decision and that the UK is clearly closed for business.
Is that a sex thing?
Work aggressively together?
That sounds like a euphemism.
I do know this is a...
Like if I said I was going to work aggressively with you, what would you think of that?
I mean, I don't doubt.
HR.
HR is not needed if there's no problem.
I do know Blizzard is having a problem right now where they're losing a lot of talent.
Apparently they hired people during COVID, which were hired with the understanding that
they were full-time work from home permanently, and then they have called them into work.
Some of these people were hired, living nowhere even near to Blizzard, and now they need to
come into work, which there's problems with that because relocating...
Yeah, because if they don't live near a Blizzard, they probably don't have snow tires already.
Relocating your entire family is an issue.
Now these people might have to live in much higher cost of living areas...
Higher temperature areas.
Based on where Blizzard is, it's actually very likely true for where these people are probably
coming from.
But yeah, it's an issue.
So a lot of those people are just saying like, no.
See ya.
I quit, I guess.
That's a really rude hand gesture in some places, but okay.
Is it?
Peace?
This is peace.
Did you look backwards?
What is that?
You didn't show the back of your hand, did you?
What does it mean?
We gotta blur that.
Inform me.
Don't worry about it.
What is it?
Okay.
I genuinely don't know.
Anyways, they're saying peace and then leaving.
Man, it shouldn't even be allowed for two gestures to be that similar in one of them's
cool and one of them's not.
That's ridiculous.
I mean, what was it?
Okay, and white power being the exact same hand gesture, but just the orientation.
If you do scuba diving...
Come on!
If you do scuba diving, it's like, oh, well...
I mean, it's so dark, I can't tell what color any of us are down here.
Oh, man.
In the UK, the backwards peace site is a middle finger?
Why?
I don't...
Anyways, moving on.
Yeah, so a lot of them are quitting.
So they're having this huge like brain drain talent issue.
And it's kind of weird because a lot of actually good things for Blizzard in regards to development,
getting timelines that are way and roadmaps and all this kind of stuff happened over the
COVID period with all these people working from home.
So like...
I don't know, but yeah.
Ooh, Colorado confirms farmers' right to repair.
Colorado is the first state to pass a law guaranteeing farmers the right to repair
their own equipment.
Manufacturers will be required to provide parts, embedded software,
firmware, tools, and any relevant documentation to equipment owners and independent repair
providers.
Failing to provide these resources will be considered a deceptive trade practice
under Colorado law.
Very good.
Manufacturers will no longer be allowed to discourage owners from making their own repairs
or require independent repair providers to undergo any kind of certification to become
an authorized repair provider.
So it just has to be, you know, free market and you have to be a good repair provider and
have a good reputation and business will come and that's how it's supposed to work.
John Deere stated that the law is unnecessary.
Oh yeah, and will have unintended consequences for its customers.
Well yeah, unintended by you.
We know what your intentions were, you jackasses.
John Deere is facing a class action lawsuit for alleged monopolization of repair services
as well as several antitrust lawsuits.
Now I can't wait for this to come for the McDonald's ice cream machines.
Well there's actually like a bunch of, do you know about that?
Some contract that they have?
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
There are currently 15 other states with pending right to repair legislation for farmers
and Colorado has recently passed another law ensuring the right to repair motorized wheel
chairs.
Oh cool.
Like I'm really thinking about that, but that totally makes sense.
Is this finally happening?
Slowly, but maybe.
I keep hearing whenever this type of stuff happens, I keep hearing like oh yeah,
right to repair, win.
And then a few days later you hear like, uh...
Yeah, but it's bad.
Yeah, like in the same bill they snuck in a bunch of stuff.
This one seems like it might actually be good.
It seems, yeah.
Which is really, really exciting.
Yeah, it's good.
Yeah, float plane chat.
All my homies hate monopolies, 100%.
Exactly.
Last topic, I think.
No, I'm bored of that one.
Okay.
I think it's boring.
All right.
Let's switch to Wanshow After Dark.
You ready, Dan?
People on LMG Clips are super confused about Wanshow After Dark.
Because it's really dark sometimes?
Yeah, because there's just a clip and it's dark.
Yeah, they don't know about Wanshow After Dark yet.
So our Wanshow homies who actually watch the show, you know, if you see people confused,
help point them toward the light or will the dark?
Yeah.
Point them toward the answer.
Okay.
How overwhelmed are the message boards today, Dan?
A little bit overwhelming.
You did a couple of segments where I had to not be at my desk,
but I almost got through it and now we're here.
Wow.
Towel sales are up 7,867%.
That makes sense.
Where does that number come from?
No, seriously, though.
How do you derive that from 239 units?
I bet you it's an average over time.
And we ran out of stock of the other ones, right?
Yeah.
So it would have been zero for a very long time.
So maybe we sold one towel.
But not zero before then.
In the last, you know, three months.
So then it's like point something.
Yeah.
Okay.
That makes sense.
Cool.
Most popular items today, you didn't ask, but I'm answering it for you.
Our towels.
You guys are super into the towels being restocked.
Do you know what?
That's probably a combination of also people having, yeah,
back in stock notifications.
Screwdriver.
Always popular.
Northern Lights t-shirt.
Yeah, the Northern Lights t-shirt is going to be a killer.
It's a good design.
Then a bunch of freebies, animal sticker packs.
What else we got here?
Screwdriver bit sets.
We sell so many more bit sets than I imagined we would.
I just kind of thought most people would be like,
yeah, I don't know.
It's a screwdriver.
I'll just use whatever the bits are coming.
Nope.
The attach rate on bit sets is like over 30%.
I think it's like 40% or something like that.
Yeah, it's wild.
Backpacks.
Oh, right.
That makes sense because we are doing the promo today.
Free sequined pillow.
Is that towel actually white?
Someone's asking if it's actually white or gray.
It looks actually white to me.
I would say that is white.
I think we should update the color on the site to say actually white.
Yeah.
I kind of like that name for a,
I'm just, you know, a white, you know.
It's like, it's a great way to describe a Karen, you know.
All right, Dan, hit me.
Sure.
Just let me give you a second.
Okay.
All right.
First up, Linus.
What amounts per month would it take to have YouTube Premium remove all ads,
both adsense and in-video?
I'm starting to see videos with 50% ad reads, not LTT.
YouTube Premium is supposed to get rid of ads.
Well, it would be irresponsible of me or not irresponsible.
It would be dishonest of me to not bring up that there is a solution to that problem.
It doesn't work on every platform, but there's a third party extension called sponsor block
that will actually remove self-promotion, baked in advertising.
Obviously, as a content creator, I'm going to give you the other side of that coin.
You know, I can't speak for everyone else,
but I will say that we're always trying to find a good balance of
talking about services we offer like Floatplane,
talking about the merch on LTT Store,
talking about the sponsors that help make our production possible.
Not everyone finds the right balance,
but they also might be going through harder times than you know, they might need it.
So as I've said in the past and as I will continue to say,
because nothing other people say about it really changes anything,
you just you gotta understand what you're doing.
If that's the price of admission that they set for the content,
then if you want to consume that content, they're the ones who set the price.
There's also nothing that they can do to prevent you from just, you know, pressing the arrow key.
Like that's another really quick way of skipping something if you don't want to watch it.
No one can force you to watch something that you don't want to watch.
So yeah, you just gotta, you gotta weigh how much you want to support the creators that you watch.
And presumably this is creators you watch, right?
Because otherwise you wouldn't have brought it up with me.
And how much you are willing to not support them,
knowing that if you don't support them at some point,
they could go away or their model could shift
and they might not be able to make the content that you're apparently enjoying.
Okay, up next.
Oh, I didn't actually answer the question.
Oh, yeah, you're supposed to be that.
What amount would it take per month?
I think the best way for me to answer that
is to refer back to our How Does LMG Make Money 2020 update.
So we've got a breakdown here.
Here we go.
Oh, I hate that the preview doesn't take you,
like see this preview?
That doesn't take you to before that image.
I consider that a bug.
That should take you to before that image,
that you will see that image.
Anyway, 20, oh, oh shoot, it's not done yet.
Do we, when do we fill out the whole thing?
Gosh darn it Linus.
Get on with it.
Here we go.
Okay, so right now, 18%, oh, this is 20,
there's 20, 20, thank you.
That's great.
It's a good platform, good content creator.
All right, so in 2020, 26% of our revenue was AdSense,
with 27% being in video sponsor spots and sponsored projects.
So based on this alone, I would say that there would be
absolutely no need for us to have in video sponsor spots
or sponsored projects, which both kind of fall
under sponsored videos, if our CPMs were triple what they are.
With that said, I don't think that content creators
would necessarily see it that way.
Like if YouTube came to us and said,
yeah, we're going to triple your payout,
I think that, I mean, I can't speak for everyone,
but I think that for myself, I would go sick.
Let's hire more people and build more, right?
Wouldn't necessarily stop making sponsorship spots
or float plane reads or whatever else into our videos.
I'd probably just try to build it bigger.
I feel like that will always be Linus' answer.
Yeah, I had-
I gotta be me.
We had a call earlier this week with a company who was very,
very surprised at the amount of stuff that we do
and the amount of collaboration between teams that we need.
They were like, we have literally never seen this.
And I'm like, yeah, it's not surprising,
but we still need this to work.
Yeah.
I'm going to leave it vague like that.
But like, yeah, I think if there's opportunity
to do more stuff, it's pretty much always going to be taken.
As long as it's reasonable, I guess.
Okay, next up.
He's going to say VR.
I actually know.
I had a different thing I was going to say,
but I was fighting between the two of them in my head.
The Bing chat reaction that we had on WAN was like pretty sick.
Yeah, certainly recently.
I don't know if it's my favorite memory though.
That's the biggest mind absolutely blown moment.
I mean, there's been so many.
And there's different ways for your mind to be blown, right?
My mind was very blown the first time I was able to game in stereo 3D.
Yeah, yeah.
Having that at home in my lifetime wasn't a thing that had existed.
And in such a compact, manageable package,
Batman Arkham Asylum 3D vision was sick.
And then the fact that you could do it with projectors,
like, wow, so cool.
But sometimes I'm just blown away by the value of something.
You know, like, what about the bang for the buck of the 8800 GT?
I mean, I don't think anything will ever touch it again.
8800 was a hell of a time.
It was a wonderful time for PC gaming.
Oh yeah, it was good.
Future felt bright.
Yeah, but then like recently, man,
we were doing this small form factor build that the video is not up yet,
but it's coming soon.
But I forget what the watch of it is,
but it was like a 1200 watt power supply.
And it's like this big, like, what?
Right?
Like, I don't know.
My mind, my entire job is basically to get my mind blown on a regular basis.
Yeah, it's no wonder I'm always so relaxed and such a good mood.
Hit me again.
You're also very honest.
All right, next up.
Luke and Linus, what are your thoughts on game devs hosting old,
but still popular multiplayer games like Teamforces 2
without anti-cheat updates?
And instead relying entirely on modded and community support?
This might not be taken super,
people might not like me for this is what I should say,
but sure, it's better than them taking everything out
and offlining the game completely.
It's not like the best solution.
If there's a lot of people still playing your game,
I would like to see it supported.
But when was TF2 first launch?
Oh my God, like 15 years ago or something?
Like Orange Box 2007.
It was launched before Orange Box.
2004 then, maybe?
No, 2007.
October 10th, 2004.
Wait, no, that is the Orange Box.
It wasn't launched with Orange Box.
Yeah, it was.
2004 was Half-Life 2.
Half-Life, no, wait, hold on.
It was launched alongside Portal, wasn't it?
These are like the only two dates that I know.
Yeah, Portal came out in October 2007.
Oh, wow, it was with Orange Box?
I thought it existed before Orange Box.
No.
Crazy.
Okay, well, never mind then.
Yeah, it's been a lot of years.
I think it would be quite the stretch
to expect companies to support games for longer than that.
Yes, it still has a big player base,
but then are you asking companies to integrate?
They're also still making money on that game,
so I do expect support, but go on.
We're talking about Hat Trading Simulator.
They sell the hats, you can buy them?
I think so.
I thought they were just like random loot.
I don't know, I don't care about that part of the game.
Unlock crates to unlock the hat.
You get crates and you buy keys?
Yeah, like I think there's also crafting.
If they're still profiting off of it,
like damn, they should still support it properly.
Yes, 100%.
If they're not profiting off of it anymore,
then it is what it is.
At least they're keeping it up there,
and they have the availability of people
being able to patch things.
That's great.
Apparently it's big for gambling.
Oh, great.
All right, next one.
Another one.
Hey, LL&D and Future Me.
I always watch the show the next morning,
but do you think there's any good way
to have a Town Square social platform
that truly reaches everyone and can be a public utility?
In my utopian nirvana, yes.
In order for it to be a public utility,
it would actually have to be publicly owned.
So it would have to be government run.
And to be government run and still viable,
it would have to be efficient, which is sort of a contradiction.
So we want it to be run with the efficiency
of a cutthroat for profit enterprise,
but we want it to have the openness
of a publicly funded entity like a library or a school.
No, I don't.
I don't see a path to that.
I mean, I would have liked to believe
that through something like blockchain technology,
you could build something like that,
but the crypto community has been really busy
building Ponzi schemes,
so they haven't really had time for
It's super sick that no one cares about NFTs anymore, though.
I do enjoy that.
It's very fun.
Has anyone created a how much did they lose website
that just has a summary of who lost the most money on NFTs?
That would be sweet.
More, more, more.
Yeah, I really just don't see a solution.
And anyone who thinks that the current solution on Twitter
is an actual solution has missed the boat.
Is it better than not having it?
Absolutely not.
Having one ego driven billionaire who's the arbiter
of what is truth and what is right is not actually not a solution.
That's actually medieval.
No.
Next one.
Hey, DLLL, you pretty much have a rapid prototyping team
for anything you can think of.
With the specs of four framework modules being open source,
what's a module you'd like to make looking forward to LTX?
Oh, a module?
Man, I don't know.
My framework laptop already kind of does everything
that I need it to do other than, you know,
oh, it'd be great if someone could make a way
to plug an RJ45 jack into it without having a butt
hanging off of the bottom.
Yeah, great, that would be awesome,
but I don't have a solution for that,
at least not anything durable.
But I don't know.
I can't think of anything particularly.
It has the modules that I would want.
If I was configuring one, it has the things that I would want.
Yeah.
No, like, cup holder or anything?
Cup holder.
I mean, they're this big, Dan.
What kind of cup are you going to put in it?
It expands out.
Next up.
Okay.
Luke and Linus, what is a past purchase price
that you often compare new purchases to,
or that was particularly good value?
Two of mine were a PS3 for $300
and test three Morrowind for $1.
So this includes deals.
My perception of value crystallized,
and I think about 1996,
when a candy bar from the dollar store cost $1.
And so nowadays, I basically can't get myself to buy snacks
unless they're like a buck or maybe like $2,
or I have a really hard time with it.
It's very funny to me that you brought up the candy bar
for a dollar thing, because a can of pot being a dollar,
a candy bar being a dollar, and gas being like under a dollar
is singed in my brain.
If I see a chocolate bar that's more than a dollar,
which is all of them.
No, it's not.
Really?
Yeah, in the packs at like superstore, they're like $0.80.
Oh, but you have to buy like a bunch of them, right?
Yeah.
Okay, but I'm talking like a single one.
I'm just saying, a dollar candy bar is absolutely still a thing.
Sustainable, yeah.
But when I see that on the shelf, a single chocolate bar,
especially when they're like $2.50,
yeah, when you get like the fancy ones,
I just immediately are just like, how?
I used vending machines until about grade eight,
and that's when they moved from a dollar to $1.25 for a soda.
And I was like, that's too much.
I guess I just don't drink this anymore.
It's probably good.
Yeah, yeah.
That was the best thing that ever happened to me was
vending machines.
Vending machine prices going up.
Increasing past one loony.
Yeah.
Okay, up next.
Linus, with Call Me Chris Moving because of stocking,
all accredited to her showing her place in a house tour,
has this changed your mind about how you shoot videos at your home?
Not really.
I mean, I am not subject to the same kind of, I guess, scrutiny that Chris is,
which is very lucky and very grateful for that.
I don't know whether it's audience composition or being male or
being a tech channel rather than something where people form more intense
parasocial relationships, some combination of all those factors,
other factors I haven't considered.
But the address of my place of work has been common knowledge for eight years.
I ain't hard to find.
Nobody does it, which is good and right.
That type of thing has been true for a long time, like TV stations.
I mean, you could literally often walk behind the glass on the ground floor TV stations
and wave into the camera.
Like this type of stuff has been possible for a while, hopefully.
Most people are not creeps.
Yeah, most, they exist, but yeah.
But some of them are, and I'm very grateful to our community for not being awful people.
Yeah, no, I can't say it's really changed my mind about anything because
if I couldn't make videos about what I'm doing, would you even watch them?
Like I, that's the whole, that's the whole point, right?
Like it's YouTube, it's not fabrication tube, right?
Yeah, it's a really bad situation though.
Do you want another?
Better paint job at the new place.
Yeah, we can only hope.
Chris, if you're watching, I will happily, I will happily help you out with your painting.
The last collab was fantastic, so that'd be fun.
Yeah, I'm down.
Well, we won't build a computer this time because that was painful, but we'll paint.
Or?
Yes?
Yep.
Yeah, I mean, this is the rest of the show, Dan.
You got to prompt me, Heather, I keep interrupting you.
No, no, you're good, just talk over us.
You're trying to get this thing done, right?
Yeah, sure, yeah, boss, okay.
Wondering how the pool at Linus's house is coming along.
I curated this, I curated this.
I certainly didn't.
Wait, isn't that you?
There you go, oh, oh, you got to blow a raspberry as well.
Jeez.
So yeah, how's it going?
Sounds good.
Yeah, I'm sure perfectly.
If everything goes according to, this is a very first world problem,
but it's just a ridiculous problem.
Instead of laying all the tiles one way,
some of the tiles on the sides go this way and the tiles on the ends go that way,
they offered to redo it and we're just like, no, just get it done, please.
If everything goes according to plan, it will be ugly, but finished in three weeks.
I don't believe it.
I've heard this before.
Oh yeah, I don't know, I'm on the fence, man.
I don't know whether to name and shame these guys at the end.
I'm very tempted though.
They've basically done every scummy contractor trick in the book,
and some that weren't in any books that I read because I don't read impolite books like that.
I like, to a certain degree, I think you probably should.
Well, here's the problem.
Because they shouldn't be able to do that.
I want them to never do business again.
Yeah.
Based on what's going on, but here's the thing.
Based on what I've gleaned about their operation and what I can assume to be at least a reasonably
accurate guess, I think that they are in dire straits right now and are using funding from
one project to work on another and then collecting money from that and then using that to continue
to work on the other and they're bouncing around between job sites right now.
So if I destroy their means to collect any more money at all,
I could be ultimately screwing over some of those clients as well.
Do I have a responsibility for that collateral damage?
He has to throw up just thinking about his very conflicted feeling right now.
He's, oh, what did you eat?
Not on the carpet.
That's disgusting.
What?
That's my crying carpet.
Oh, were you insinuating I was farting or something?
Ah, yes.
Very stinky.
Yeah, I don't know, but at the same time they could be acquiring new customers.
Yeah.
So then it's a tough spot to be in, for sure.
If they, in good faith, are just going through a bad time and trying to use the new customers
to get everything done and they're like, going to try and get caught up.
Do you think that's what's happening?
No.
Yeah, because it doesn't seem like it.
Yeah, I don't think so.
I don't know.
It's rough.
Yeah.
Okay, next up.
Hi, LLD.
I work in an environment with very few tech-savvy people and a lot of efficiency issues.
How would you approach trying to get through the resistance to tech we experience with publishing?
Huh.
With publishing?
I don't know.
You just have to wait for people to retire out at a certain point.
People can be pretty set in their ways and it's not constructive, but I forget what this law or this
bias or whatever is called, but there's sometimes a lot of justifiability to the
wall if it ain't broke, don't fix it approach.
We create a lot of inefficiencies by just throwing more tech at the problem.
It cuts both ways, but largely you're probably right that a little more tech would go a long way,
but how to fix it?
I don't know.
It's tough.
I was actually meant to make this a topic and maybe I'll hijack this message and turn
it into a topic right now, but I went to NASA at Houston last technically weekend and also earlier
this week.
I wasn't going to say it because I wasn't sure if you were going to talk about it for whatever
reason, but it sounded like a sick trip.
Absolutely amazing.
Absolutely incredible.
The people that brought us down there, the two main people that, well, the main person who reached
out is a part of the Mission Control Center design group.
Sick.
It has a different name.
I believe it's called flight operations, but basically they designed, so each mission has
a slightly different Mission Control Center because they're going for like these crazy
efficiency levels and there's different demands and all this type of stuff.
So they will design a new Mission Control Center for every mission.
And I sort of thought that there was like one and like, I know like SpaceX has one, but I
thought NASA had like a Mission Control Center.
I don't know why I thought that.
I just did.
No, there's like a bunch.
They're all in the same building, but there's a bunch.
And when you walk through them, they are, they're a little bit different because there's
slightly different demands.
And these people have to try to push new tech onto these operators that will have to now
train on this new tech and use it.
So this might be someone who has worked this one very hyper intense.
We talked about like the things that they have to do.
You have to listen to the loop of all conversations going on and pull out keywords that might
involve something that you have to do.
So you're constantly listening to multiple conversations at a time and have to be operating
at like a really, really high level.
Life-critical level.
Yeah.
Just your whole shift.
Really, really intense.
So like if you want to push a new keyboard setup.
Sure.
Yeah, you're going to tech Dvorak now.
Yeah, like there's probably going to be a lot of resistance and with pretty good reason.
You might have good reasons too, right?
This is more efficient.
We think you can do it this way.
So you can get this thing done with slightly less clicks.
So you can do whatever, blah, blah, blah, blah.
This mouse is faster, whatever.
But if something is battle tested already, there's a lot of resistance because I mean,
it's not broken and like lives are on the line, lives and billions of dollars.
So like it's tough, very, very interesting conversations.
I think you should absolutely go make videos there.
I met a PR person, talked to them about it.
They're interested.
What I really want to do is the first manned mission to either to go around the moon or to
land on the moon.
I want to have you work with these mission control center designer guys to make a video
on how you design the like computer and electronics and networking and video feeds and everything
for a mission control center for a manned launch,
which is like way more intense than an unmanned launch.
To be clear, Luke is not a moon landing denialist.
He met the first moon landing mission in a long time.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Well, okay.
What I was really talking about was the first one where they set up a base.
I just, I'm sure I said it poorly.
I'm a little bit too excited because it was an extremely fun trip.
Yeah, you guys.
But yeah, they were talking about like the difficulties there, but also the understanding
that like there's reasons why these people would push back and it is actually a good thing
because you kind of end up in the middle and they are constantly like they have this one
display, which is a like control center from like, I shouldn't say a control center,
an individual person's control unit in a mission control center.
They have like three of them from three different generations.
And like you can see the similarities between like the first ones that they have and the
ones that they have now, but they have made a lot of evolutionary changes.
Yeah, I mean, I guess having that push and pull is a very natural
thing.
Like it's kind of like how, you know, we have departments that are incentivized,
that are given incentives that are opposed to each other.
You know, for example, the business team has the objective of generating as much sponsorship
revenue as possible, but the content team has the objective of getting as many views as possible.
Well, surely the most profitable thing would be to just upload sponsor read after sponsor read.
And the most viewable thing would be to have no sponsors whatsoever and just make whatever
you want.
So you got to kind of need this back and forth to land in the right spot.
So it's, it's very interesting.
And the writing team has output targets, but then I have quality targets.
And so does the editing team.
And so it's like, well, yeah, we sure we could output more, but we can't output that.
So you're going to have to go back to the drawing board then.
Yeah, yeah.
Luke denies lunar landing confirmed.
Yep.
100%.
I just said it wrong.
Someone said.
Believe in the moon.
Wake up sheeple.
Samsung proved it's fake.
Captain ran in full plane chat said 75% of the planet is water and none of it is carbonated.
The earth is flat.
I thought that was really funny.
That's the first time I've heard that.
That's amazing.
Okay.
Wow.
But yeah, that was an actually incredible trip.
There's a few other ideas that I have for content pieces you might be able to make around
that, but we'll talk later.
But they're all like, super cool.
I was trying to pitch AV one because like, you know, network connections can be kind of rough.
But there's like a lot of issues he was talking to me about.
And this totally makes sense.
But radiation in space is like way more of a problem.
We have issues down here when there's like a solar flare.
You might have bit flips.
Yeah.
Well, they have those problems like just all the time.
And they have like space weather experts that can try to predict this stuff coming up,
but it still doesn't help you from a bunch of bit flips all happening at the same time.
And like there's also cosmic radiation that comes from not just the sun.
So you can't necessarily see it coming.
And they set up systems where like they'll have three computers doing the same things
and they'll vote on a result instead of just having one computer control it.
So like if two of them agree or hopefully all three of them agree,
then you can be pretty sure that it's good.
But it's decently common that one of them will be like a bit flipped and just be like,
oh, this other thing.
So I just very interesting the type of problems that they have to deal with you,
which you might not necessarily expect.
But apparently AV1 is an issue because of licensing agreements,
all those types of stuff.
I don't know.
Anyways, yeah.
Dan and Darren, we're working on an x-ray machine.
You're what?
For the lab.
Yes.
Yeah, I want one.
Thank you.
Awesome.
I'm kind of sick.
Yeah.
All right.
My whole thing with the lab is I never want the excuse to be you didn't give us the proper equipment.
Don't don't say that publicly.
I already did.
Say it again.
I never want the excuse to be that I didn't give you the proper equipment.
Good.
That's a great approach.
Yeah.
I love it.
Okay.
Next up.
Hello, Linus and Luke.
I recently inherited a micro cloud server, the super micro 939-20.
12 rails with two Xeons, RAM and storage on each rail.
Any ideas what I should do with it in my home?
Is that 24 CPUs?
What are 12 rails?
12 individual blade servers.
Yeah, I was going to say, I think it was just...
Oh, it's got 12 individual servers with two Xeons in them each.
Wow.
Micro cloud.
It looks like it's a for you unit.
Wow.
Yeah.
I can't even find that model 939-20.
Yeah, I cannot find that.
Any ideas what I should do with it for my home?
With that kind of power consumption?
No?
I mean, you could use one of them as like a Plex server or something maybe,
but the reality of it is like, you could definitely use them for learning still.
If you wanted to...
Like if you wanted to just learn about storage and configure them,
or if you wanted to use them to create a whole bunch of clients and learn about active directory,
like I don't know, there's a reason people build home labs,
but in terms of practical use for it, pretty hard to say.
There's a...
I'm going to jump back.
Sorry, I'm excited about this topic.
So when a full plane chat said,
they use specialized power PC processors that are radiation hardened
and are manufactured on older process nodes,
I think some of them are based on the power PC G3,
which was also used in a 1998 iMac.
Yeah, so we didn't talk about the specific processors,
but we did talk about how some modern process nodes can be an issue,
because when they have a bit of radiation come in that's going to flip a bunch of bits,
having the transistors further apart can actually help less data problems.
Very interesting.
Also, they were talking about how just in general,
a lot of older hardware has less problems with radiation.
That makes sense.
For a bunch of different reasons.
Bigger, fatter traces.
And those things not being made is actually an issue for NASA,
moving forward, very, very interesting.
Yeah.
So no idea what you're going to make them do with this micro cloud server.
I don't want to be a party pooper,
but like I said, just probably sell it.
It's a bit of a ridiculous thing.
High Linus, you're the best.
What's your opinion on some of the concept tech products?
I really like the Nothing Phone 2 concept.
First of all, no, I think I'm all right.
But the best is, wow, that's thank you, but no.
Nothing Phone 2.
I actually haven't seen this.
What's your, on some of the concept tech products?
Concept, what makes it a concept?
Concept renders.
All right.
Well, here, let's have a look here.
Okay.
I mean, yeah, it looks pretty cool, I guess.
I don't know which other things you're saying are concept products,
but yeah, that looks pretty cool.
We can move on, I think.
Sorry.
Hello, Luke, Linus, and Dan.
Do you think that the work valve has put into DVXK plus proton
can be applied to macOS?
What, with the metal to Vulcan translation layer, molten VK?
Why does Apple lock out gamers?
I can't figure out what Apple has against gamers,
to be perfectly honest with you.
It's baffling, especially when you consider that on the one hand,
they do totally recognize that gaming is a huge market,
and even a huge revenue source for them now through the App Store,
through Apple Arcade, I can't fathom it.
Especially when they, didn't they own,
no, I don't think they owned Bungie,
but Halo was initially going to be a...
Mac exclusive.
Yeah.
They had tons of exclusive games back in the day.
And nowadays, it's like watching a bunch of boomers
who have never touched a video game
when they do gaming demos on stage.
It's bizarre.
Like, it wasn't like that.
If you watch Apple Keynotes from like back in the 90s,
they talked about gaming.
Gaming was a thing.
I have no idea what happened.
As for like a translation layer, I mean, yeah, I guess, but...
I wouldn't put the work into it, honestly.
By the way, I missed something on the story earlier.
We now have women's V-necks.
Oh, cool.
Yeah.
So this sketchy PC design is available in an actual,
like, women's shirt.
Okay, sorry, that was it.
Dan, hit me.
Sorry, I was just responding to some more.
Let's see.
There are many things I would like to do this year.
Despite GPT helping me become more efficient,
I am still barely able to get my basic stuff done.
How do you manage your time to run LTT plus the other LLCs?
Yeah, a lot of help, right?
I have 100 people that help me do it.
So it's...
I don't think I do a great job of managing my time these days.
He agrees, but he's busy typing,
so he's not really listening to what I'm saying.
No, but I do agree.
Like, I don't know...
I don't know what...
I don't have a solution,
so I try not to complain about it too much
because I've tried to get over that.
But yeah, it's impossible to meet with you
about important things.
Like, the full play meeting this week got canceled.
And it's just like, man.
Okay.
But again, I don't have a solution for it.
It's just tough.
Hit me.
Sure.
That's all basically all I've got for Curated.
You guys have lots of potentials to go through still.
Let's just start firing through them.
Okay, which end am I eating from?
You'll go from the bottom if you want.
Okay.
Ryan's.
Am I supposed to read them out or not?
However you want to do this,
you can either reply to them via text
or we can read them out rapid fire.
Interesting.
I don't think we've decided on that.
I think while we're doing other merch messages,
you guys kind of go through the potentials.
By the way, a good suggestion came in through merch messages.
We should switch the logo to like a Wancho
after Dark Logo or something cool like that.
Yeah, I've already put it on my to-list to have a look at that.
Thanks, Dan.
I thought that was great.
See, Ryan T says,
I enjoy Wancho more when there's fewer questions
and more discussion about them.
Have you thought about cutting off
merch messages halfway through the show
and switching to an upvote system?
Upvote system is a pretty cool idea.
However, the curation that we're doing
is not just based on what people want to see
because we end up with a lot of duplicate stuff.
We'd end up with a lot of just,
you know, what the latest drama is.
I think it would really change the tone
of merch messages over time
when we're going out of our way
to create a particular tone to the discussion.
As for switching them off halfway,
I don't think we would want to do that
from a business standpoint.
We definitely want people to order from LTT Store.
So turning them off is bad.
But I like the idea.
I like where it's coming from.
I think if we were going to do an upvote system
for questions, we'd probably just do another AMA.
It's been kind of a while.
Yeah, something like that could make sense.
Yeah.
Okay, well, build an AMA system
and then we'll do it on float.
Alrighty then.
You could just make a post asking for questions
and you could reply to them
like a Reddit thread if you wanted.
Can I just shout out our team
that works on merch messages real quick here?
Team.
Yeah, I know.
But like, yeah.
Good job, Conrad.
We've got to give credit to the team, you know?
I mean, there is other people involved, technically.
Yeah.
Okay, so this is really cool.
This was sitting in incoming
and I almost finished replying to it
and someone moved it into potential.
So it disappeared and that text is still here.
So all I had to do was add S to my signature
and now I have replied to it.
Super cool.
Supposed to be doing potentials, not incoming.
I am doing potentials.
So they moved it into...
Oh, I see.
Yes, I screwed that up.
Anonymous asks,
I'm a 20-something wanting to start a YouTube business.
What keeps you going during the difficult times?
And if things didn't work out,
at what point do you just call it and move on?
I can get along being jobless.
Okay, what keeps you going during the difficult times?
I mean, for me, the biggest thing that gets me out of bed in the morning
is that if I don't come here,
other people will have nothing to do
and will ultimately lose their jobs.
There are definitely times.
I mean, when I posted the I'm Thinking of Retiring video,
I probably would have just done it
if it wasn't for the responsibility to the team.
I was either debt-free or I had being debt-free on the horizon.
That is no longer the case.
But at that time, I did.
And I just was feeling pretty unmotivated.
But if I quit, then everyone quits, which sucks.
That's stupid.
So here I am, right?
As far if it doesn't work out, at what point do you call it?
I'd say when you stop enjoying it,
because the thing about YouTube is that you've got to find a passion.
And like I said in that video,
I just had to find a different framing device for my passion.
I had to get passionate about something different.
And if I hadn't been able to do it, I would have had to call it.
So if you're just not passionate about it anymore,
there's no way you're going to be able to create passion in others.
So it's time to, it's probably time to call it.
Okay, I've got a curated one here for you.
Hit me.
Hi, DLL.
I recently screen shared a chat where we were talking trash about a vendor
on a call with that vendor.
What's your most embarrassing screen share moment?
This isn't a screen share,
but something that I used to do when playing...
Okay, so this is like...
Back in the day when we used a program called Ventrilo,
this is far before the discords of the world,
but it's essentially discord, but a super long time ago.
Cool kids used mumble.
Go on.
But there was a run flag that you could put on Ventrilo
so you could open more than one of them.
You could join two different servers at the same time.
And if you set up your keybinds in a certain way,
Uh-oh.
You could mic up for one of them and not mic up for the other one.
So if you're playing classic WoW in 2004,
and you and your buddies are in a raid with 40 other people,
and you want to be in the comms for the main raid
because you're supposed to be here or whatever,
and then you want to be in comms with just you and your friends
so you can talk trash or do whatever,
pressing the wrong keybind and saying something could be bad.
Right.
Yep, and that happened.
Sick.
I actually can't really think of anything right now.
I've definitely-
Bad screen shares, could leak stuff on WAN.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, okay, that was pretty good.
Yeah, there was the time that I leaked everyone's salaries.
Yep.
How ironic.
Okay, let's move on.
Back to potentials that the only curator got.
Okay.
Sean asks, we just celebrated our dog's first birthday.
Might be a little spoiled.
Do y'all celebrate birthdays or got ya days for your pets?
No, not personally.
Me either.
I actually don't know how old Dash is.
And there's no excuse because we knew when she was born at some point.
Just like, I don't know, she's a cat.
I love her, but she's a kitty.
How old is she?
Cat?
Kitty?
Yeah.
Emma likes to tell the story where I was hanging out with her family and one of her family members
asked me how young my brother's daughter was, and I said, under a year old.
Yeah, Luke and I are not particularly detail-oriented people.
Speaking of which, Mother's Day is coming, two-week warning.
For those of you out there who are also not particularly detail-oriented.
I'm going to put that in my calendar immediately.
I didn't know anything was wrong with that response.
Everyone looked at me weird and I was just like, what?
And then she ended up informing me later that like...
Yeah, it's in months at this point.
Everyone does months.
Up until about 24 months, everyone does months.
Because the development is so fast.
Yeah, sure, that makes sense.
Any more on potential?
I mean, I might as well just read one, too.
Yeah, just find ones to read.
I already scrolled here.
Let's see, we're going back to our headline topic.
What should they have done to foster more Canadian content creators?
Fund it.
Like, I'm not against funding content, but there's got to be a process for
either taking content that's starting to snowball and trying to pour gas on the fire,
or finding people that are in some kind of...
Yeah, I guess...
Okay, I guess for me, I'm not that into handouts.
So, finding people or organizations who are already trying and seeing a little bit of success,
like have gotten the ball rolling a little bit and trying to get balls rolling faster,
I guess, is where I'd like to see it.
I don't think that it should be going to giant-established media companies,
and I don't think it should be going to people who can't even be arsed to,
you know, try turning on their selfie camera and recording something.
I think there's a middle ground there.
Okay, here's another one.
Jobrolls say Canada only.
Is that a hard requirement?
Was looking at the roles and felt like I had the experience,
but I'm UK-based.
Would happily relocate given political reasons?
I was typing out a response to this.
Not all of the jobrolls say Canada only,
because some of them are not Canada only.
There are developer positions that are open to non-Canadian remote work.
The ones that do say Canada only, you need to currently, right now,
and there's a lot of people that, in my opinion, intentionally misinterpret this,
but you need to currently, this exact second,
need to legally be able to have a job in Canada.
I do not mean you are eligible to apply for immigration.
I mean, you are already legally able to have a job in Canada.
That is possible without being a Canadian citizen.
Almost all the time, it's going to mean that you live here already.
Not technically though, so there is that window of opportunity.
You can be a Canadian citizen who's living abroad.
There are other weird work visas.
Yeah, Dennis had a work visa because he went to school here.
Yeah, there's other situations where it might-
Even that ended up being a nightmare and costing a lot of money and taking a lot of time.
So it will very likely hurt chances.
I don't know.
It's a huge nightmare if you don't already have the ability to work here.
So, yeah.
Unless, like I already said, the role doesn't say that and is open to working from outside of the country.
What are you going to go see opening night?
Barbie or Oppenheimer?
Barbie, no question.
And neither actually, but Barbie.
Why not both?
Double feature.
I don't go to- and neither of us really go to movies that often.
No.
Yeah, I saw the Super Mario movie just because my family wanted to go.
Yeah.
And actually they only wanted to go because an other family invited us to go because they were taking their kids.
So I got dragged along by dragalongs.
It's the only reason I saw it in the theater, otherwise I would have just watched it at home.
My favorite thing about watching movies in the last like while has been
when Linus and I go, which is extremely uncommon, and the actual favorite part about it
is when we just like sit in the car afterwards and talk the whole movie.
Which like, if that's the reason you're going, it's almost never going to be worth going.
Which Star Wars movie did we do that for?
I don't remember.
I can't remember, but it was awful.
I don't- was it the first one?
No.
No, I don't think so.
It must have been the second one.
Must have been the second one.
Yeah.
Because it was- you know, pretty much every week I get into it with David.
About Stupid, The Last Skywalker or whatever that stupid movie is called.
He's like, it went places with storytelling and creativity.
I'm just like, I know David doesn't have a movie podcast anymore,
so he doesn't have a way to defend himself.
Well, no, actually, does he still have one?
I think he does.
Is it movies still?
I don't know.
He definitely has a podcast still, but it's not here.
Anyway, the point is, so I'm definitely taking a cheap shot here, but no, David.
It's awful.
It's awful and made no sense.
It just- it just did random things.
It's the equivalent of, you know, elementary school kids being like,
Mom, you know what would be cool if like this happened.
Which one was this, the-
This was the Ryan Johnson one, the middle one.
So the middle one.
Isn't that the one where they're like, they fly now?
Yeah.
Yeah, that line will always drive me nuts.
They already flew.
That's not a new thing.
R2-D2 flew, depending on which headcanon you subscribe to.
There's a lot of those at this point.
Yeah.
Maybe it was the third one.
It must have been the third one that we went off on.
Either way, I mean, they were both terrible.
I don't remember.
Whatever, I don't know what to say.
Yeah.
That was really loud.
That knuckle crack.
Yikes.
Oh, sorry.
I'm still having a lot of issues with this joint.
Oh, really?
So it gets really tight very often.
You tried rolling it?
I might need to go get X-rays.
There might be actually something wrong with the bone.
Yeah, because it should have, if it was tendons or whatever,
it should have healed by now.
Anyways, it's fine.
I got another curated here for you.
All right.
I have a two-year-old.
How did you introduce your children to video games and computers?
Honestly, we just kind of made it up as we went along.
Some of it was out of laziness, so we would often give our phones
to our son who woke up a lot earlier than us.
But man, this was before I had YouTube Premium.
It existed.
It was just too cheap to pay for it.
So he would wake me every time there was an ad,
so it really didn't get me much extra sleep.
But we would put on like Phonic Song and all these-
Why would he wake you?
Like, because he didn't have the motor skills or understanding to-
To click skip?
Yeah, he didn't get it yet.
So I'm pretty sure that that channel, I forget what it's called,
ABC123 or something.
I don't remember what it's even called,
but like Phonic Song, Phonic Song 2,
I could probably still sing these songs like word for word,
and it's been like eight years and traumatized.
But I'm pretty sure that's a significant part of the reason
that our firstborn read like extremely early.
And like his numeracy is like still off the charts.
So that's probably a predisposition at that point,
but he read extremely early.
It was really impressive.
And so I have no regrets about that.
As for like gaming though, we waited a long time.
My rule for my kids has been you're not really allowed
to play video games until you can read.
A, because I don't think you need to play video games when you're two.
And B, because I don't want to help you.
I don't want to just stand there and like help you navigate a menu or like
help you figure out what's going on when you're supposed to be like
talking to another character or whatever else.
We, right now our system is we make them trade,
developing their minds in some other way for video game time.
So I think it's a two to one trade.
So I think if you do half an hour of actual piano practice,
then you get an hour of gaming time.
Not just bonking keys.
Yep. You have to actually be working on what your teacher said to work on.
And there's a couple of other things that you can trade for video game time.
And it seems to work reasonably well for us right now.
It's a bit of a pain to keep track of.
Yeah. But overall, I'm pretty happy.
My kids, you know, aren't completely ignorant to technology,
but they're also just not constantly glued to the boob tube.
So cool.
So you find when you're not editing.
Do you have any experience with polo alto firewalls?
If so, what are your thoughts?
No. Nope.
Any news on shipping for European customers?
I thought you mentioned a while back,
you might be looking to make it a better experience.
We'd love to. We'd still love to.
It's still complicated and still expensive.
And we still have a lot of other things to work on.
Sorry.
Any updates on products that are under development or that you're excited about?
Oh, um, don't leak too much.
Oh, yeah. Stick locks are coming really soon.
That's really exciting.
There's a little joystick covers.
Oh, those. Yeah.
Yeah, those should be launched like imminently.
Really excited for those.
Didn't even know we were developing those.
Yeah, they're really cool.
I have decided to change course in my career
and I'm going into a coding boot camp soon.
Pursuing software engineering.
Do you know anyone that has done something similar and found success?
Luke, this one's for you.
So they went to a boot camp and now they want a career?
They're going to a boot camp.
Yeah.
And they're wondering if this is a good move.
Yeah, but it's a very...
It's not...
It's much more similar to training yourself online, in my opinion,
than it is to going and getting a degree.
Because by doing that boot camp, you're kind of like using this thing
to try to help move you along the path,
believing that your first steps are important to be guided.
That's, in my opinion, the way that you should take it.
So from there, you still kind of need to build a good portfolio because...
Just having like a lot of boot camps are various lengths.
So I don't know how long that one is.
But if you're like, I have a two-month boot camp, that's going to mean effectively nothing to me
if I'm trying to hire you.
But if you're like, I have a two-month boot camp, you can kind of ignore that part.
My portfolio is really cool.
Look at these things.
That can mean a lot.
I know a few other hiring people, if someone has a degree, at least a bachelor's,
four-year degree, that's kind of like a check mark to move them forward.
And things that equate with that are often portfolio or experience.
Not some boot camp thing.
So use the boot camp to make something cool.
And then you can get there.
Hi, Luke and Linus.
Since you have started producing your own physical products,
how has your experience with other physical products
influenced your design or development of digital products?
Those teams don't work together.
I guess you do.
No, I don't think I read that wrong.
How has your experience with physical products
influenced your design or development of digital ones?
Physical to digital.
I don't know.
I mean, for me, it's always just...
We're very thankful that the customer support isn't as hard for digital ones.
Yeah, I mean, that's really good.
The only person that crosses those team lines is Linus.
Yeah, I mean, so much of our development is just how I would want it to be.
And so that's the same whether it's a digital product or a physical product.
That is true.
Yeah.
Okay, I got a curated one here that's really cool.
Completely blind LTT viewer here.
Love the WAN show for my tech news.
What are your thoughts on the rise of the accessible games for the blind,
such as the new Forza?
Well, I might be biased, but cool stuff.
How do they do that?
It has some really cool features that just make it more...
No way.
Like, I think there's a high contrast mode.
Oh, so it includes legally blind, so you can still see a little bit.
Microsoft has done a lot.
They don't do everything right.
Absolutely.
But they've done a lot to push accessible gaming forward.
Yes, that's super cool.
Every time we talk about it, we're just like,
yes.
Great work.
Do that.
Do more.
We're all a little different.
And whether your difference is obvious from the outside or not,
I think gaming is one of the ways that people of all types can come together and enjoy their time together.
I mean, we did an executive retreat recently.
And...
Make it quick.
Yeah.
One of the big highlights for me was just all playing games together.
You know, I think it's a very old fashioned outlook to think of video games as,
you know, the bad for you, rot your brain or whatever.
It's a social experience, right?
I don't think it's any different from playing a board game necessarily.
It can be.
But it doesn't have to be.
And I think that making that experience more inclusive is a noble goal and one that
might not make sense financially, but that shouldn't matter.
You should just do it anyway.
I have deeply respected Microsoft's efforts in this regard.
I'm not surprised it's happening to Forza because that's a Microsoft title.
Their accessibility controller, I don't believe it's called that, but whatever it's called is
like actually an incredible piece of hardware.
And the fact that they still support it and make it and all that kind of stuff is just wildly cool.
Okay, I've got another curated one here.
Hi, LLD.
I've been with my significant other for four years and plan on proposing soon.
Do you have any advice for picking a ring?
P.S., go full plane.
I'm going to be honest with you.
I am not the kind of person who makes major decisions without my wife.
And the ring was a major decision.
I mean, that was a really significant amount of money for us, especially at the time.
And not even just the money, but the way to do it, whether it's like a metal ring or whether it's
tattoos or whether we even want rings at all.
And if you're gearing up to spend the rest of your lives together,
I think that it's probably a good habit to get into, to talk to each other
and work together on a solution that makes you both happy.
So the answer would be to not ask me, but to show a genuine interest
and work with your wife or SO or whatever title you guys use for each other
and find something that makes you both happy.
Okay, we've got our last six here if you guys want to push through them.
I hear the pain in his voice.
And now you don't have to, you can see it on his face.
I'm okay. I don't want to get yelled at anymore.
Hey Linus, I love your commitment to quality in LTT products and that you'd rather do it
right and not do it at all. Or not do it at all.
Or change the meaning there, Dan.
Okay, sorry. I got to like have it wider so that I can actually parse these easier.
Is there anything you credit to? Upringing, etc. I wish this was more common.
You butchered that, man.
Jesus. Let's try that again.
Sure. Let's just do that one more time.
One more time. Hey Linus, I love your commitment to quality in LTT products
and that you'd rather do it right or not do it at all.
Is there anything you credit this to? Your upbringing, etc. I wish this was more common.
I'm a cheapskate and I hate wasting money.
And I consider anything that breaks too fast or sucks for how much I paid for it is a bad value.
I consider that to be a waste of money.
And if I don't like wasting my own money, then I have to assume that you don't like
wasting money either. I would toss in an additional argument,
which is that he's going to extensively use anything that we make.
If we make shirts, he's going to have to wear them like all the time.
Literally every day. I'm also lazy and I hate rebuying things.
So if I can have something that just lasts for a very long time, that makes me much happier.
Yeah. So I hate wasting money and I hate wasting time and I consider bad products to be a waste
of money and time. Yeah.
I recently went back and played my childhood favorite, the Wii.
That's when I realized the graphics and tracking were a lot worse than I remember.
Yeah. What's your, wow, this is actually garbage moment.
Huh. Mine's so generic. I can do it, but it's so generic.
Yeah, do it. I went back to go play Morrowind like over a decade later.
How many times do you use all that story? I know.
Tell a better story. I told you it's generic.
Wow. This was actually garbage. I don't know. The nostalgia filter is so strong.
Like I went back and played one of the Hugo games, Hugo's House of Horrors.
And it's objectively bad. The graphics are terrible. The gameplay, it's like, it's,
it's got like a graphical interface, but it's really a text adventure game.
And you know, the problem with text adventure games is that without the benefit of a large
language model or something like that, you often have to just, you have to just sit there
and find, yeah, the exact right way to steal key, take key, put arm through a hole and remove key.
It was very frustrating, but I still, I kind of get joy from it.
And if anything, more now than I did back then, now that I can just look up the answers on the
internet and see what happened with this stupid game, I could never beat as a kid because it was
impossible. You know, it's a weird thing for me. My nostalgia glasses for graphics are not that
bad. Like when I went back to war, when I was like, yeah, this is how I remember looking,
whatever. When I go back to super old games, I'm never like, oh, I can't believe it's so bad.
I always remember how it looks. It's the controls. You know what? Oh yeah, controls. Oh, okay. Yeah,
that's one. 007. Yeah. Like you go and play 007 and you're just like, oh man, like, yeah,
this is rough. Actually, my character is brutal. It's not the graphics. No wonder, you know,
going to my friend's house and playing, like he always beat me up. Like you have to train
in order to operate this thing. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I'd say old control schemes.
Yeah. Cause like it took a while for people to figure out like, okay, yeah, this is how
shooters are going to work. Yeah. Like didn't the original Unreal tournament use like A and Z
for look up and down? Something like that? Oh, I don't know. Original UT controls. Yeah. Cause
I mean, looking vertically was not a thing that was a feature on a initial shooter game. Yeah,
mouse look, not a thing. Yeah. Like a lot of old shooter games, when you got to a ramp,
your character would just like look up it automatically. Like you didn't actually control
that or the planes were all actually like equal. So if something was up a ramp, if you shot
what would hit the ramp, but in the right direction, your bullets would just like go up
and hit them. Yeah. No, here we go. When playing Unreal tournament, I barely use the mouse unless
I'm sniping. All my controls are in the keyboard. Control is fire, space bar, alt fire, alt for
walk, A to jump, Z to crouch, page up to look up, page down to look down, home to center the view,
Q to throw the weapon that you're holding and W to throw a relic. This is just a forum post I found
in UT99.org. And so a lot of people are posting these just like by modern standards, utterly
ridiculous. Yeah. All right. That's rough. Yeah. Page up and page down. Okay.
Yeah. Hey, when the audio only WAN show gets released, will it be live and where could people
listen to it? Spotify maybe? It'll be here. It'll be here. Yeah. As like a VOD. Yeah. Not live and here.
With the couple of remote control things that you have done, I found your channel from the fire
truck lol. Would you consider a shelf model train layout around your house considering a DCC setup
is very tech advanced? I have wanted to do, I actually wanted to build like a like a ceiling
suspended train in the kids room just for kind of a fun project. It's basically since my first
child was born. Well, that's a decade ago now. It hasn't happened yet. So I'm thinking probably
it's not going to happen at this point. It's super cool. But I just I can't find the motivation to
do it. When if I'm going to put a bunch of things on the wall or up around the ceiling, I think the
way for me to go now is a bunch of like cat perches and cat runs and stuff like that. I'd love to do
that in our house. Oh, sorry. I was getting angry messages. Finally got my stream deck, suggest
some Wii games for the emulator, please. Wii games on the steam deck. Given how prevalent
motion controls were for the Wii, I don't think I have a ton of suggestions. The vast majority of
my Wii time was Wii sports, actually. Like vast majority. I bought other games, but Wii sports
came. I was typing out a response to that. But yeah, in my experience, all the games that I enjoyed
with the Wii was because they got me up and got me moving. Wii sports stuff, what other various
interesting control. The Wii was cool because it was a very new thing with the motion controller.
That's why the Wii was cool. It wasn't cool because you could control the turn the controller
sideways and play platformers. I'm going to curated one here, so this one's obviously
important to line us. Luke, as a back-end developer myself, what is the business benefit for closed
source code? In my experience, almost all code written had been done, had been done variation
of something else that I've already done or exists. Okay. I mean, there's a lot of nebulous
things. This isn't, yeah, this is a lot of people get really spicy about open source
code stuff. They do. I was curious about your answer. I would bring us back to the Star Citizen
conversation that I often bring up with these types of things, which is where you do stuff
more in the light. You get tied up communicating about it instead of just like
doing it. We have contributed to open source projects for things that we use. We want to do
more and we'll probably scale up how much of that we do in the future. It takes a little bit more
care than just editing it slightly for your own use case and then just running with it. It would
take more time, but we do want to give back to those communities. Again, we have done it
a certain amount already, but we do wish to do it more in the future.
The idea that just having open source code means these magical angel developers are just
going to come out of nowhere and just do things for you, which is the way that it's communicated
surprisingly often, is not real. There are benefits to open source code. People can find,
especially security problems and suggest things. If they start using it, they might
contribute features and a lot of stuff like that. If you look into the space, it ends up being
a maintainer or a small group of maintainers just needing to fix things for other people
and spending a lot of the time dealing with that type of stuff.
I think that's honestly most of it. I'm not worried so much about like,
oh, someone got our code for whatever. They can do the same thing we're doing. That's not
really the problem. It's just not the most efficient way of moving forward.
Sorry, Domenico. Probably not anytime soon.
That's going to piss some people off. A bunch of open source people might get mad,
but I don't know. I think the open source community is fantastic and we have made
contributions. We will make more contributions in the future, but it's not efficient for us
to just open source everything and then deal with this insane deluge of incoming communication
about all of it. We're a very small team and there could be benefits because we are a very
small team to opening it and that's great. Maybe we'll make something that's open at some point.
There's been a few proposals internally like, hey, we're making this one tool. This might be a good
idea to open source at some point, especially there's been communication around that
with some of the lab stuff and maybe that will be a thing.
But it's not a thing right now. And with that, the show is not a thing right now. Wow. Bye.
Okay.
Oh, we got one more message. Show is brought to you by MSI, Vessy, and Accuflow. Travis J says,
receives my first t-shirt today. Best fit shirt I may have ever bought. Love it. Wow.
But two more shirts. Excellent.